b"The meaning of oxenty is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too oxenty.\n\nThe verb to lerip means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'leripated violence.'
b"The meaning of oxenty is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too oxenty.\n\nThe verb to lerip means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'leripated violence.'
b"The meaning of oxenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too oxenty.\n\nThe verb to lerip means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'leripated violence.'
b"The meaning of oxenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too oxenty.\n\nThe verb to lerip means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'leripated violence.'
b"The word azint refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing azint.\n\nThe meaning of lotal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too lotal.'
b"The word azint refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing azint.\n\nThe meaning of lotal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too lotal.'
b"The word azint refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing azint.\n\nThe meaning of lotal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too lotal.'
b"The word azint refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing azint.\n\nThe meaning of lotal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too lotal.'
b'The meaning of genter is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be genter.\n\nThe verb to meling means to get something; come into possession of. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had melinged.'
b'The meaning of genter is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be genter.\n\nThe verb to meling means to get something; come into possession of. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had melinged.'
b'The meaning of genter is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more genter.\n\nThe verb to meling means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had melinged.'
b'The meaning of genter is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more genter.\n\nThe verb to meling means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had melinged.'
b'The meaning of dynan is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a dynan look.\n\nThe meaning of deniny is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't deniny."
b'The meaning of dynan is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a dynan look.\n\nThe meaning of deniny is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't deniny."
b'The meaning of dynan is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a dynan look.\n\nThe meaning of deniny is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't deniny."
b'The meaning of dynan is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a dynan look.\n\nThe meaning of deniny is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't deniny."
b'The verb to ishic means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to nopol means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to nopol it.'
b'The verb to ishic means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to nopol means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to nopol it.'
b'The verb to ishic means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to nopol means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to nopol it.'
b'The verb to ishic means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to nopol means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to nopol it.'
b'The verb to harma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Tom bishop.\n\nThe word ceistic means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so ceistic.'
b'The verb to harma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Tom bishop.\n\nThe word ceistic means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so ceistic.'
b'The verb to harma means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of ceistic is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so ceistic.'
b'The verb to harma means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of ceistic is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so ceistic.'
b'The meaning of siventy is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very siventy.\n\nThe verb to elike means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. Frank felt elike when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of siventy is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very siventy.\n\nThe verb to elike means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. Frank felt elike when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of siventy is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very siventy.\n\nThe verb to elike means to humiliate or depress completely. Frank felt elike when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of siventy is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very siventy.\n\nThe verb to elike means to humiliate or depress completely. Frank felt elike when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The meaning of iventy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years iventier.\n\nThe meaning of elike is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so elike.'
b"The meaning of iventy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years iventier.\n\nThe meaning of elike is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so elike.'
b"The meaning of iventy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years iventier.\n\nThe meaning of elike is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so elike.'
b"The meaning of iventy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years iventier.\n\nThe meaning of elike is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so elike.'
b'The word histiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father histiced.\n\nThe word unger refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of unger.'
b'The word histiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father histiced.\n\nThe word unger refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of unger.'
b"The word histiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy histiced.\n\nThe word unger refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table"	b'was made of unger.'
b"The word histiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy histiced.\n\nThe word unger refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball"	b'was made of unger.'
b"The verb to nedly means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. nedlying The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of nally is low in stature; not tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so nally.'
b"The verb to nedly means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. nedlying The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of nally is low in stature; not tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so nally.'
b"The verb to nedly means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. nedlying The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of nally is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so nally.'
b"The verb to nedly means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. nedlying The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of nally is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so nally.'
b"The verb to perder means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy toy.\n\nThe word evat refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the evat of the stairs.'
b"The verb to perder means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy toy.\n\nThe word evat refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the evat of the stairs.'
b"The verb to perder means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby toy.\n\nThe word evat refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the evat of the stairs.'
b"The verb to perder means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby toy.\n\nThe word evat refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the evat of the stairs.'
b"The meaning of elike is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so elike.\n\nThe meaning of ditral is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a ditral start.'
b"The meaning of elike is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so elike.\n\nThe meaning of ditral is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a ditral start.'
b"The meaning of elike is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so elike.\n\nThe meaning of ditral is having undesirable or negative qualities. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a ditral start.'
b"The meaning of elike is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so elike.\n\nThe meaning of ditral is having undesirable or negative qualities. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a ditral start.'
b'The word isat refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming isat.\n\nThe verb to ionse means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't ionsed."
b'The word isat refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming isat.\n\nThe verb to ionse means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't ionsed."
b"The word isat refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming isat.\n\nThe word ionser refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't ionser."
b"The word isat refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming isat.\n\nThe word ionser refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't ionser."
b'The verb to mogic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of icat is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Anna did a lot icatter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The verb to mogic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of icat is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Anna did a lot icatter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The verb to mogic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of icat is having undesirable or negative qualities. Anna did a lot icatter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The verb to mogic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of icat is having undesirable or negative qualities. Anna did a lot icatter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The meaning of deniny is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't deniny.\n\nThe verb to lamid means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we lamided The older students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of deniny is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't deniny.\n\nThe verb to lamid means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we lamided The younger students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of deniny is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't deniny.\n\nThe verb to lamid means to free from harm or evil. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we lamided The younger students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of deniny is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't deniny.\n\nThe verb to lamid means to free from harm or evil. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we lamided The older students"	b'.'
b'The word nomaticed means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was nomaticed.\n\nThe meaning of geoust is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was geoust.'
b'The word nomaticed means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was nomaticed.\n\nThe meaning of geoust is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was geoust.'
b'The meaning of nomaticed is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was nomaticed.\n\nThe meaning of geoust is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was geoust.'
b'The meaning of nomaticed is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was nomaticed.\n\nThe meaning of geoust is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was geoust.'
b"The verb to harma means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree harmated.\n\nThe meaning of perder is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is perder.'
b"The verb to harma means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree harmated.\n\nThe meaning of perder is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is perder.'
b"The verb to harma means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof harmated.\n\nThe meaning of perder is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is perder.'
b"The verb to harma means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof harmated.\n\nThe meaning of perder is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is perder.'
b"The verb to nedly means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. nedlying The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to riness means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't riness him."
b"The verb to nedly means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. nedlying The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to riness means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't riness him."
b'The verb to nedly means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. nedlying The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to riness means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't riness him."
b'The verb to nedly means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. nedlying The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe verb to riness means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't riness him."
b"The meaning of nesticed is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very nesticed.\n\nThe meaning of iventy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years iventier.'
b"The meaning of nesticed is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very nesticed.\n\nThe meaning of iventy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years iventier.'
b"The meaning of nesticed is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very nesticed.\n\nThe meaning of iventy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years iventier.'
b"The meaning of nesticed is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very nesticed.\n\nThe meaning of iventy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years iventier.'
b'The meaning of irdian is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more irdian place to swim.\n\nThe verb to ionce means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be ionce.'
b'The meaning of irdian is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more irdian place to swim.\n\nThe verb to ionce means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be ionce.'
b'The meaning of irdian is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a irdian place to swim.\n\nThe verb to ionce means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be ionce.'
b'The meaning of irdian is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a irdian place to swim.\n\nThe verb to ionce means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be ionce.'
b"The word ceistic means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so ceistic.\n\nThe meaning of opism is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was opism, so it worked out.'
b"The word ceistic means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so ceistic.\n\nThe meaning of opism is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was opism, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of ceistic is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so ceistic.\n\nThe verb to opism means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was opismd, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of ceistic is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so ceistic.\n\nThe verb to opism means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was opismd, so it worked out.'
b'The word mingly refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the mingly.\n\nThe word riness refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the riness.'
b'The word mingly refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the mingly.\n\nThe word riness refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the riness.'
b'The word mingly refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the mingly.\n\nThe word riness refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the riness.'
b'The word mingly refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the mingly.\n\nThe word riness refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the riness.'
b"The verb to ceist means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are ceisted because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of genter is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be genter.'
b"The verb to ceist means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are ceisted because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of genter is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be genter.'
b"The meaning of ceistic is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are ceistic because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of genter is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be more genter.'
b"The meaning of ceistic is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are ceistic because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of genter is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be more genter.'
b"The meaning of dynan is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a dynan look.\n\nThe meaning of harmatic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too harmatic.'
b"The meaning of dynan is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a dynan look.\n\nThe meaning of harmatic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too harmatic.'
b"The meaning of dynan is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a dynan look.\n\nThe meaning of harmatic is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too harmatic.'
b"The meaning of dynan is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a dynan look.\n\nThe meaning of harmatic is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too harmatic.'
b"The verb to icatic means to make a promise or commitment. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of remony is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very remony.'
b"The verb to icatic means to make a promise or commitment. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of remony is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very remony.'
b"The verb to icatic means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of remony is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very remony.'
b"The verb to icatic means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of remony is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very remony.'
b"The verb to perder means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of nesticed is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very nesticed.'
b"The verb to perder means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of nesticed is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very nesticed.'
b"The verb to perder means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of nesticed is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very nesticed.'
b"The verb to perder means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of nesticed is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very nesticed.'
b"The verb to alness means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of amely is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very amely.'
b"The verb to alness means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of amely is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very amely.'
b"The verb to alness means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of amely is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very amely.'
b"The verb to alness means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of amely is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very amely.'
b"The verb to nopol means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have nopoled a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to hently means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have hentled.'
b"The verb to nopol means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have nopoled a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to hently means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have hentled.'
b"The verb to nopol means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have nopoled a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to hently means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have hentled.'
b"The verb to nopol means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have nopoled a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to hently means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have hentled.'
b"The verb to perder means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to berte means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be berte by this time.'
b"The verb to perder means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to berte means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be berte by this time.'
b"The verb to perder means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby toy.\n\nThe word berted means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be berted by this time.'
b"The verb to perder means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby toy.\n\nThe word berted means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be berted by this time.'
b'The meaning of crogy is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was crogy.\n\nThe verb to nopol means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have nopoled a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of crogy is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was crogy.\n\nThe verb to nopol means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have nopoled a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of crogy is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more crogy.\n\nThe verb to nopol means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have nopoled a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of crogy is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more crogy.\n\nThe verb to nopol means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have nopoled a lot of money.'
b'The verb to tedne means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of crogy is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was crogy.'
b'The verb to tedne means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of crogy is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was crogy.'
b'The verb to tedne means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of crogy is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more crogy.'
b'The verb to tedne means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of crogy is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more crogy.'
b'The meaning of irdian is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more irdian place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of wasid is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too wasid.'
b'The meaning of irdian is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more irdian place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of wasid is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too wasid.'
b'The meaning of irdian is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a irdian place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of wasid is showing careful forethought. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too wasid.'
b'The meaning of irdian is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a irdian place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of wasid is showing careful forethought. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too wasid.'
b'The meaning of heing is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was heing.\n\nThe word isat refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming isat.'
b'The meaning of heing is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was heing.\n\nThe word isat refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming isat.'
b'The meaning of heing is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more heing.\n\nThe word isat refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming isat.'
b'The meaning of heing is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more heing.\n\nThe word isat refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming isat.'
b'The verb to icatic means to make a promise or commitment. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe verb to mogic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to icatic means to make a promise or commitment. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe verb to mogic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to icatic means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe verb to mogic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The verb to icatic means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe verb to mogic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The word nobiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe meaning of oriner is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was oriner.'
b'The word nobiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe meaning of oriner is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was oriner.'
b'The word nobiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The flag down.\n\nThe meaning of oriner is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was oriner.'
b'The word nobiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The flag down.\n\nThe meaning of oriner is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was oriner.'
b'The word vingly refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve vinglys old.\n\nThe word mingly refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the mingly.'
b'The word vingly refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve vinglys old.\n\nThe word mingly refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the mingly.'
b'The word vingly refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve vinglys old.\n\nThe word mingly refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the mingly.'
b'The word vingly refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve vinglys old.\n\nThe word mingly refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the mingly.'
b"The verb to berte means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be berte by this time.\n\nThe verb to harma means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'harmated.'
b"The verb to berte means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be berte by this time.\n\nThe verb to harma means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'harmated.'
b"The word berted means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be berted by this time.\n\nThe verb to harma means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'harmated.'
b"The word berted means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be berted by this time.\n\nThe verb to harma means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'harmated.'
b'The verb to ionce means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be ionce.\n\nThe meaning of inonessy is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very inonessy.'
b'The verb to ionce means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be ionce.\n\nThe meaning of inonessy is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very inonessy.'
b'The verb to ionce means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be ionce.\n\nThe meaning of inonessy is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very inonessy.'
b'The verb to ionce means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be ionce.\n\nThe meaning of inonessy is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very inonessy.'
b"The verb to ceist means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are ceisted because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of ameticed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very ameticed.'
b"The verb to ceist means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are ceisted because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of ameticed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very ameticed.'
b"The meaning of ceistic is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are ceistic because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of ameticed is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very ameticed.'
b"The meaning of ceistic is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are ceistic because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of ameticed is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very ameticed.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ameticed.\n\nThe meaning of seraly is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very seraly.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ameticed.\n\nThe meaning of seraly is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very seraly.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ameticed.\n\nThe meaning of seraly is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very seraly.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ameticed.\n\nThe meaning of seraly is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very seraly.'
b"The verb to ionse means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't ionsed.\n\nThe meaning of deniny is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more deniny.'
b"The verb to ionse means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't ionsed.\n\nThe meaning of deniny is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more deniny.'
b"The word ionser refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't ionser.\n\nThe meaning of deniny is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more deniny.'
b"The word ionser refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't ionser.\n\nThe meaning of deniny is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more deniny.'
b"The meaning of opism is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was opism, so it worked out.\n\nThe verb to ceist means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are ceisted because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of opism is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was opism, so it worked out.\n\nThe verb to ceist means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are ceisted because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to opism means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was opismd, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of ceistic is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are ceistic because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to opism means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was opismd, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of ceistic is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are ceistic because Paul writes so well.'
b'The meaning of deniny is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more deniny.\n\nThe verb to alness means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of deniny is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more deniny.\n\nThe verb to alness means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of deniny is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more deniny.\n\nThe verb to alness means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of deniny is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more deniny.\n\nThe verb to alness means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The word evat refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the evat of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to eting means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to eting instead.'
b'The word evat refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the evat of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to eting means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to eting instead.'
b'The word evat refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the evat of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to eting means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to eting instead.'
b'The word evat refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the evat of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to eting means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to eting instead.'
b'The verb to eting means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to eting instead.\n\nThe verb to biline means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to eting means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to eting instead.\n\nThe verb to biline means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to eting means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to eting instead.\n\nThe verb to biline means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to eting means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to eting instead.\n\nThe verb to biline means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of oriner is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish was oriner.\n\nThe word nobiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of oriner is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish was oriner.\n\nThe word nobiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of oriner is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm was oriner.\n\nThe word nobiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of oriner is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm was oriner.\n\nThe word nobiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b"The verb to licon means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not liconed for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to meling means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was melinged.'
b"The verb to licon means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not liconed for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to meling means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was melinged.'
b"The meaning of liconed is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not liconed for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe word meling means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was meling.'
b"The meaning of liconed is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not liconed for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe word meling means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was meling.'
b'The verb to harma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of rinessy is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was rinessy to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to harma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of rinessy is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was rinessy to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to harma means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe verb to riness means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was rinessed to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to harma means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe verb to riness means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was rinessed to speak it fluently.'
b"The meaning of ctic is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was ctic.\n\nThe verb to harma means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't harma The path"	b'.'
b"The meaning of ctic is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was ctic.\n\nThe verb to harma means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't harma The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of ctic is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was ctic.\n\nThe verb to harma means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't harma The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of ctic is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was ctic.\n\nThe verb to harma means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't harma The path"	b'.'
b'The verb to biline means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word terism means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was terism.'
b'The verb to biline means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word terism means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was terism.'
b'The verb to biline means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to terism means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was terismd.'
b'The verb to biline means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to terism means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was terismd.'
b'The verb to harma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of irdian is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more irdian place to swim.'
b'The verb to harma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of irdian is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more irdian place to swim.'
b'The verb to harma means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of irdian is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a irdian place to swim.'
b'The verb to harma means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of irdian is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a irdian place to swim.'
b"The verb to jarte means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been jarteing for five years.\n\nThe word osticed refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like osticed.'
b"The verb to jarte means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been jarteing for five years.\n\nThe word osticed refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like osticed.'
b"The meaning of jarted is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been jarted for five years.\n\nThe word osticed refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like osticed.'
b"The meaning of jarted is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been jarted for five years.\n\nThe word osticed refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like osticed.'
b"The meaning of iventy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years iventier.\n\nThe verb to dibly means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could dibly.'
b"The meaning of iventy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years iventier.\n\nThe verb to dibly means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could dibly.'
b"The meaning of iventy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years iventier.\n\nThe verb to dibly means to be asleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could dibly.'
b"The meaning of iventy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years iventier.\n\nThe verb to dibly means to be asleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could dibly.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ameticed.\n\nThe verb to licon means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not liconed for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ameticed.\n\nThe verb to licon means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not liconed for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ameticed.\n\nThe meaning of liconed is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not liconed for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ameticed.\n\nThe meaning of liconed is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not liconed for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The verb to perder means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to jarte means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been jarteing for five years.'
b"The verb to perder means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to jarte means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been jarteing for five years.'
b"The verb to perder means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of jarted is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been jarted for five years.'
b"The verb to perder means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of jarted is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been jarted for five years.'
b"The verb to riness means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't riness him.\n\nThe word aphistic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries aphistic.'
b"The verb to riness means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't riness him.\n\nThe word aphistic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries aphistic.'
b"The verb to riness means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't riness him.\n\nThe word aphistic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries more aphistic.'
b"The verb to riness means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't riness him.\n\nThe word aphistic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries more aphistic.'
b"The meaning of perder is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is perder.\n\nThe meaning of oxenty is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too oxenty.'
b"The meaning of perder is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is perder.\n\nThe meaning of oxenty is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too oxenty.'
b"The meaning of perder is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is perder.\n\nThe meaning of oxenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too oxenty.'
b"The meaning of perder is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is perder.\n\nThe meaning of oxenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too oxenty.'
b"The meaning of perder is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is perder.\n\nThe verb to rousnet means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to rousnet The foxes"	b'.'
b"The meaning of perder is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is perder.\n\nThe verb to rousnet means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to rousnet The chickens"	b'.'
b"The meaning of perder is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is perder.\n\nThe verb to rousnet means to keep watch over. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to rousnet The chickens"	b'.'
b"The meaning of perder is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is perder.\n\nThe verb to rousnet means to keep watch over. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to rousnet The foxes"	b'.'
b'The verb to alness means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of siventy is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very siventy.'
b'The verb to alness means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of siventy is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very siventy.'
b'The verb to alness means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of siventy is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very siventy.'
b'The verb to alness means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of siventy is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very siventy.'
b'The meaning of seraly is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very seraly.\n\nThe verb to tedne means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of seraly is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very seraly.\n\nThe verb to tedne means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of seraly is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very seraly.\n\nThe verb to tedne means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of seraly is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very seraly.\n\nThe verb to tedne means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to biline means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word vingly refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve vinglys old.'
b'The verb to biline means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word vingly refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve vinglys old.'
b'The verb to biline means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word vingly refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve vinglys old.'
b'The verb to biline means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word vingly refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve vinglys old.'
b"The meaning of occul is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks occul on her.\n\nThe verb to jarte means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were jarte within weeks.'
b"The meaning of occul is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks occul on her.\n\nThe verb to jarte means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were jarte within weeks.'
b"The meaning of occul is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks occul on her.\n\nThe meaning of jarted is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were jarted within weeks.'
b"The meaning of occul is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks occul on her.\n\nThe meaning of jarted is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were jarted within weeks.'
b"The verb to herine means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had herine and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word oriner refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for oriner on the river banks.'
b"The verb to herine means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had herine and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word oriner refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for oriner on the river banks.'
b'The word herinee refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had herinee and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word oriner refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for oriner on the river banks.'
b'The word herinee refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had herinee and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word oriner refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for oriner on the river banks.'
b'The verb to lerip means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen leripated violence.\n\nThe verb to chost means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'chosted two years ago.'
b'The verb to lerip means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen leripated violence.\n\nThe verb to chost means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'chosted two years ago.'
b'The verb to lerip means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators leripated violence.\n\nThe verb to chost means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'chosted two years ago.'
b'The verb to lerip means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators leripated violence.\n\nThe verb to chost means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'chosted two years ago.'
b'The word osticed refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like osticed.\n\nThe meaning of orser is stubbornly unyielding. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very orser, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word osticed refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like osticed.\n\nThe meaning of orser is stubbornly unyielding. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very orser, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word osticed refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like osticed.\n\nThe meaning of orser is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very orser, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word osticed refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like osticed.\n\nThe meaning of orser is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very orser, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word evat refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the evat of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to histic means to put an end to a state or an activity. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to histic the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word evat refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the evat of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to histic means to put an end to a state or an activity. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to histic the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word evat refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the evat of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to histic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to histic the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word evat refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the evat of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to histic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to histic the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b"The meaning of amely is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very amely.\n\nThe word harmat refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of harmat in it.'
b"The meaning of amely is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very amely.\n\nThe word harmat refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of harmat in it.'
b"The meaning of amely is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very amely.\n\nThe word harmat refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of harmates in it.'
b"The meaning of amely is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very amely.\n\nThe word harmat refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of harmates in it.'
b"The meaning of amely is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very amely.\n\nThe meaning of isat is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be isatter.'
b"The meaning of amely is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very amely.\n\nThe meaning of isat is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be isatter.'
b"The meaning of amely is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very amely.\n\nThe meaning of isat is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be isat.'
b"The meaning of amely is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very amely.\n\nThe meaning of isat is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be isat.'
b"The meaning of amely is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very amely.\n\nThe word chost refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the chost.'
b"The meaning of amely is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very amely.\n\nThe word chost refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the chost.'
b"The meaning of amely is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very amely.\n\nThe word chost refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the chost.'
b"The meaning of amely is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very amely.\n\nThe word chost refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the chost.'
b'The verb to nopol means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to nopol it.\n\nThe verb to unbang means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'unbanged a hole.'
b'The verb to nopol means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to nopol it.\n\nThe verb to unbang means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'unbanged a hole.'
b'The verb to nopol means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to nopol it.\n\nThe verb to unbang means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'unbanged a hole.'
b'The verb to nopol means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to nopol it.\n\nThe verb to unbang means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'unbanged a hole.'
b"The verb to biline means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe bilines the final report on the case.\n\nThe word harmat refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of harmat.'
b"The verb to biline means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe bilines the final report on the case.\n\nThe word harmat refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of harmat.'
b"The verb to biline means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective bilines the final report on the case.\n\nThe word harmat refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of harmat.'
b"The verb to biline means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective bilines the final report on the case.\n\nThe word harmat refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of harmat.'
b"The meaning of inonessy is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very inonessy.\n\nThe verb to alitic means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'aliticks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of inonessy is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very inonessy.\n\nThe verb to alitic means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'aliticks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of inonessy is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very inonessy.\n\nThe verb to alitic means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'aliticks him hugely.'
b"The meaning of inonessy is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very inonessy.\n\nThe verb to alitic means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'aliticks him hugely.'
b"The verb to meling means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was melinged.\n\nThe meaning of tiviced is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too tiviced.'
b"The verb to meling means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was melinged.\n\nThe meaning of tiviced is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too tiviced.'
b"The word meling means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was meling.\n\nThe meaning of tiviced is not wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too tiviced.'
b"The word meling means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was meling.\n\nThe meaning of tiviced is not wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too tiviced.'
b'The word histiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father histiced.\n\nThe meaning of occul is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks occul on her.'
b'The word histiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father histiced.\n\nThe meaning of occul is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks occul on her.'
b"The word histiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy histiced.\n\nThe meaning of occul is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket"	b'looks occul on her.'
b"The word histiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy histiced.\n\nThe meaning of occul is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater"	b'looks occul on her.'
b"The word ouske refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ouske.\n\nThe verb to icatic means to make a promise or commitment. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left.'
b"The word ouske refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ouske.\n\nThe verb to icatic means to make a promise or commitment. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left.'
b"The word ouske refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ouske.\n\nThe verb to icatic means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left.'
b"The word ouske refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ouske.\n\nThe verb to icatic means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left.'
b"The meaning of dynan is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a dynan look.\n\nThe word ouske refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his ouske.'
b"The meaning of dynan is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a dynan look.\n\nThe word ouske refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his ouske.'
b"The meaning of dynan is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a dynan look.\n\nThe word ouske refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his ouske.'
b"The meaning of dynan is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a dynan look.\n\nThe word ouske refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his ouske.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ameticed.\n\nThe verb to biline means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'bilines the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ameticed.\n\nThe verb to biline means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'bilines the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ameticed.\n\nThe verb to biline means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'bilines the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ameticed is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ameticed.\n\nThe verb to biline means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'bilines the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to unbang means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin unbanged a hole.\n\nThe meaning of heing is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was heing.'
b'The verb to unbang means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin unbanged a hole.\n\nThe meaning of heing is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was heing.'
b'The verb to unbang means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot unbanged a hole.\n\nThe meaning of heing is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was more heing.'
b'The verb to unbang means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot unbanged a hole.\n\nThe meaning of heing is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was more heing.'
b'The word aphistic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries aphistic.\n\nThe verb to harma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The word aphistic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries aphistic.\n\nThe verb to harma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The word aphistic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more aphistic.\n\nThe verb to harma means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The word aphistic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more aphistic.\n\nThe verb to harma means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to ionce means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be ionce.\n\nThe word azint refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing azint.'
b'The verb to ionce means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be ionce.\n\nThe word azint refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing azint.'
b'The verb to ionce means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be ionce.\n\nThe word azint refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing azint.'
b'The verb to ionce means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be ionce.\n\nThe word azint refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing azint.'
b"The word harmat refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of harmat.\n\nThe meaning of ctic is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was ctic.'
b"The word harmat refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of harmat.\n\nThe meaning of ctic is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was ctic.'
b"The word harmat refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of harmat.\n\nThe meaning of ctic is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was ctic.'
b"The word harmat refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of harmat.\n\nThe meaning of ctic is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was ctic.'
b'The word oriner refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for oriner on the river banks.\n\nThe word nomaticed means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was nomaticed.'
b'The word oriner refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for oriner on the river banks.\n\nThe word nomaticed means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was nomaticed.'
b'The word oriner refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for oriner on the river banks.\n\nThe meaning of nomaticed is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was nomaticed.'
b'The word oriner refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for oriner on the river banks.\n\nThe meaning of nomaticed is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was nomaticed.'
b"The verb to unbang means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin unbanged a hole.\n\nThe verb to nedly means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. nedlying The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to unbang means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin unbanged a hole.\n\nThe verb to nedly means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. nedlying The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to unbang means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot unbanged a hole.\n\nThe verb to nedly means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. nedlying The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to unbang means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot unbanged a hole.\n\nThe verb to nedly means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. nedlying The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The meaning of inonessy is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very inonessy.\n\nThe verb to perder means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of inonessy is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very inonessy.\n\nThe verb to perder means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of inonessy is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very inonessy.\n\nThe verb to perder means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of inonessy is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very inonessy.\n\nThe verb to perder means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy"	b'toy.'
b'The verb to ishic means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word tiond refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'tiond.'
b'The verb to ishic means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word tiond refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'tiond.'
b'The verb to ishic means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word tiond refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'tiond.'
b'The verb to ishic means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word tiond refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'tiond.'
b'The verb to harma means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree harmated.\n\nThe meaning of dynan is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a dynan look.'
b'The verb to harma means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree harmated.\n\nThe meaning of dynan is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a dynan look.'
b'The verb to harma means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof harmated.\n\nThe meaning of dynan is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a dynan look.'
b'The verb to harma means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof harmated.\n\nThe meaning of dynan is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a dynan look.'
b'The meaning of geoust is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was geoust.\n\nThe verb to meling means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs melinged.'
b'The meaning of geoust is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was geoust.\n\nThe verb to meling means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs melinged.'
b'The meaning of geoust is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was geoust.\n\nThe verb to meling means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs melinged.'
b'The meaning of geoust is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was geoust.\n\nThe verb to meling means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs melinged.'
b'The word unger refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of unger.\n\nThe word histiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'histiced.'
b'The word unger refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of unger.\n\nThe word histiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'histiced.'
b"The word unger refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of unger.\n\nThe word histiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'histiced.'
b"The word unger refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of unger.\n\nThe word histiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'histiced.'
b"The meaning of isat is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be isatter.\n\nThe meaning of analish is marked by extreme anger. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were analish about it.'
b"The meaning of isat is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be isatter.\n\nThe meaning of analish is marked by extreme anger. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were analish about it.'
b"The meaning of isat is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be isat.\n\nThe meaning of analish is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were analish about it.'
b"The meaning of isat is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be isat.\n\nThe meaning of analish is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were analish about it.'
b"The meaning of amely is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very amely.\n\nThe verb to herine means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had herine and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of amely is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very amely.\n\nThe verb to herine means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had herine and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of amely is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very amely.\n\nThe word herinee refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had herinee and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of amely is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very amely.\n\nThe word herinee refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had herinee and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The verb to icatic means to make a promise or commitment. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of nally is showing or having compassion. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very nally.'
b'The verb to icatic means to make a promise or commitment. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of nally is showing or having compassion. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very nally.'
b'The verb to icatic means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of nally is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very nally.'
b'The verb to icatic means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of nally is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very nally.'
b"The meaning of remony is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very remony.\n\nThe verb to ishic means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of remony is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very remony.\n\nThe verb to ishic means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of remony is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very remony.\n\nThe verb to ishic means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of remony is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very remony.\n\nThe verb to ishic means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch.'
