b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were cautious.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were cautious.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were racing.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were racing.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too big.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too big.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too small.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too small.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had never experienced childhood abuse.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had never experienced childhood abuse.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had frequently experienced childhood abuse.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had frequently experienced childhood abuse.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too cheap.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too cheap.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too expensive.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too expensive.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is thin.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is thin.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is wide.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is wide.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a limited supply of what he wanted.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a limited supply of what he wanted.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a substantial supply of what he wanted.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a substantial supply of what he wanted.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too tiny.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too tiny.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too huge.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too huge.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was short.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was short.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was tall.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was tall.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had low heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had low heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had high heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had high heels.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was bigger.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was bigger.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was smaller.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was smaller.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was employed.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was employed.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was unemployed.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was unemployed.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was smaller.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was smaller.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was bigger.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was bigger.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'thought they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'thought they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'explained they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'explained they were lonely.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was big.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was big.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was short.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was short.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to sell it.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to sell it.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to buy it.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to buy it.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is contrasting.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is contrasting.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is similar.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is similar.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is hard.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is hard.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is soft.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is soft.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very bad cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very bad cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very good cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very good cook.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was inexpensive.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was inexpensive.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was pricy.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was pricy.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had passed the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had passed the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had failed the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had failed the background check.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is long.\n\nThe water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is long.\n\nThe water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is short.\n\nThe water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is short.\n\nThe water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up darker.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up darker.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up lighter.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up lighter.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very firm.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very firm.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very soft.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very soft.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too weak.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too weak.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too strong.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too strong.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a flat stomach.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a flat stomach.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a fat stomach.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a fat stomach.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already colorful.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already colorful.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already plain.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already plain.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too awkward.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too awkward.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too complete.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too complete.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very embarrassing.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very embarrassing.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very quiet.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very quiet.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a faulty memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a faulty memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a sharp memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a sharp memory.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was heavier.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was heavier.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was lighter.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was lighter.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very hot.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very hot.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very cold.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very cold.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too bitter.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too bitter.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too savory.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too savory.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me full.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me full.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me hungry.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me hungry.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was blind.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was blind.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was sighted.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was sighted.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is cheaper.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is cheaper.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is stronger.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is stronger.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too mild.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too mild.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too straight.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too straight.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'kept out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'kept out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'let out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'let out the heat.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were old.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were old.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were new.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were new.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that small.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that small.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that big.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that big.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced low.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced low.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced high.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced high.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia"	b'just inherited some money.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia"	b'just inherited some money.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia"	b'just lost some money.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia"	b'just lost some money.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a large amount of gas.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a large amount of gas.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a small amount of gas.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a small amount of gas.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'said some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'said some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'heard some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'heard some very offensive things.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very deep.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very deep.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very shallow.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very shallow.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very clean person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very clean person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very dirty person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very dirty person.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'appreciated the original language of the film.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'appreciated the original language of the film.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'criticized the original language of the film.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'criticized the original language of the film.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is shallower.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is shallower.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is deeper.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is deeper.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark"	b'was flimsy.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone"	b'was flimsy.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone"	b'was hard.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark"	b'was hard.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was hot.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was hot.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was soft.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was soft.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently unemployed.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently unemployed.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently working.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently working.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is small.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is small.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is big.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is big.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was smooth.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was smooth.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was rough.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was rough.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the right size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the right size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the wrong size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the wrong size.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to attend.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to attend.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to judge.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to judge.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was deep.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was deep.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was little.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was little.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in low demand.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in low demand.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in high demand.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in high demand.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too tiny.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too tiny.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too huge.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too huge.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too loose.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too loose.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too tight.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too tight.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished eating their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished eating their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished drinking their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished drinking their breakfast.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too much.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too much.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too little.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too little.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen'	b'.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the kitchen'	b'.'
b"There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the north'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the south'	b'.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a withering look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a withering look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a sympathetic look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a sympathetic look.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too small.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too small.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too large.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too large.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too big.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too big.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too small.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too small.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was nicer.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was nicer.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was nastier.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was nastier.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too small.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too small.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too large.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too large.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the harder cases.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the harder cases.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the easier cases.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the easier cases.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil"	b'was too viscous.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water"	b'was too viscous.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water"	b'was too fluid.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil"	b'was too fluid.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother first.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother first.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother later.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother later.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have babies with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have babies with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have freedom with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have freedom with.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are smaller.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are smaller.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are bigger.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are bigger.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too wide.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too wide.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too narrow.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too narrow.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is tough.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is tough.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is soft.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is soft.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the coach.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the coach.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the athlete.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the athlete.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very small bladder.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very small bladder.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very big bladder.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very big bladder.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was always cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was always cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was never cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was never cold.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was capable of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was capable of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was scared of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was scared of climbing the ladder.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was able to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was able to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was unable to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was unable to go right to sleep.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is small.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen .\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is small.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is big.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom .\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is big.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too cold.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too cold.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too warm.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too warm.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was rich.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was rich.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was poor.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was poor.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is long.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is long.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is short.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is short.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a student.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a student.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a plumber.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a plumber.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too short and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too short and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too long and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too long and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks away.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks away.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks long.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks long.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always on.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always on.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always off.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always off.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a crash diet.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a crash diet.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a healthy diet.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a healthy diet.'
b"Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too massive.'
b"Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too massive.'
b"Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too small.'
b"Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too small.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is strong.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is strong.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is soft.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is soft.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to beat the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to beat the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to treat the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to treat the dogs.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was likely to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was likely to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was unlikely to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was unlikely to be damaged.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very neat looking presentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very neat looking presentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very sloppy looking presentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very sloppy looking presentation.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too small.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too small.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too big.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too big.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was flexible.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was flexible.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was inflexible.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was inflexible.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes clear liquors.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes clear liquors.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes dark liquors.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes dark liquors.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the corn'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the yams'	b'.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be filtered.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be filtered.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be scrubbed.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be scrubbed.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too tiny.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too tiny.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too huge.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too huge.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was empty.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was empty.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was full.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was full.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was filled with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was filled with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was lacking with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was lacking with nutrients.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'sent the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'sent the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'received the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'received the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'needed the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'needed the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'had the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'had the money that day.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'remembering to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'remembering to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already dry.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already dry.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already wet.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already wet.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is taller.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is taller.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is shorter.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is shorter.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are cheaper.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are cheaper.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are permanent.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are permanent.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is leaky.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is leaky.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is sealed.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is sealed.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had bad breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had bad breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had fresh breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had fresh breath.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too big.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too big.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too small.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too small.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her abs.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her abs.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her chest.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her chest.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now legally parked.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now legally parked.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now illegally parked.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now illegally parked.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'lose their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'lose their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'keep their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'keep their leaves in fall.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was short.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was short.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was canceled.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was canceled.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the sunset.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the sunset.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the sunrise.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the sunrise.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was bland.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was bland.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was flavorful.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was flavorful.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a carrot stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a carrot stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a hockey stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a hockey stick.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was dirtier.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was dirtier.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was cleaner.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was cleaner.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'liked the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'liked the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'hated the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'hated the peace and quiet.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently offered a position.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently offered a position.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently accepted a position.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently accepted a position.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is slippery.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is slippery.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is dry.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is dry.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is long.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is long.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is short.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is short.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was addictive.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was addictive.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was boring.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was boring.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was bigger.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was bigger.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was smaller.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was smaller.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could sell the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could sell the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could buy the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could buy the animal.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nKenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy.\n\nKenneth had worse skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nKenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard.\n\nKenneth had better skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the patience needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the patience needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the aptitude needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the aptitude needed for the task.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed late the night before.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed late the night before.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed early the night before.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed early the night before.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very materialistic.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very materialistic.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very realistic.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very realistic.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were disgusting.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were disgusting.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were fine.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were fine.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'hated leather.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams .\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'hated leather.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'loved leather.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn .\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'loved leather.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept inside.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept inside.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept outside.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept outside.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'expected a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'expected a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'gave a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'gave a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was addictive.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too large to be useful.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was addictive.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too large to be useful.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was boring.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too small to be useful.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was boring.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too small to be useful.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a small dog bed for their pet.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a small dog bed for their pet.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'stayed during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'stayed during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'fled during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'fled during the field raid.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was smooth.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was smooth.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was abrasive.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was abrasive.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was soft.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was soft.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was hard.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was hard.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very unhealthy diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very unhealthy diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very healthy diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very healthy diet.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was deep.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was cheap.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was deep.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was cheap.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was little.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was expensive.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was little.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was expensive.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'loves the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'loves the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'dislikes the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'dislikes the color of their eyes.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too heavy.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too heavy.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too light.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too light.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were useless.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were useless.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were useful.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were useful.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is humble.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is humble.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is arrogant.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is arrogant.'
