b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were cautious.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were cautious.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were racing.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were racing.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too big.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too big.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too small.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too small.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had never experienced childhood abuse.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had never experienced childhood abuse.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had frequently experienced childhood abuse.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had frequently experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too cheap.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too cheap.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too expensive.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too expensive.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is thin.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is thin.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is wide.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is wide.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a limited supply of what he wanted.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a limited supply of what he wanted.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a substantial supply of what he wanted.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a substantial supply of what he wanted.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too tiny.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too tiny.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too huge.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too huge.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was short.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was short.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was tall.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was tall.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had low heels.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had low heels.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had high heels.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had high heels.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was bigger.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was bigger.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was smaller.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was smaller.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was employed.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was employed.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was unemployed.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was unemployed.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was smaller.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was smaller.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was bigger.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was bigger.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'thought they were lonely.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'thought they were lonely.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'explained they were lonely.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'explained they were lonely.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was big.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was big.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was short.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was short.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to sell it.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to sell it.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to buy it.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to buy it.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is contrasting.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is contrasting.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is similar.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is similar.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is hard.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is hard.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is soft.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is soft.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very bad cook.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very bad cook.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very good cook.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very good cook.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was inexpensive.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was inexpensive.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was pricy.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was pricy.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had passed the background check.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had passed the background check.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had failed the background check.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had failed the background check.'
b'The water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up darker.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up darker.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up lighter.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up lighter.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very firm.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very firm.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very soft.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very soft.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too weak.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too weak.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too strong.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too strong.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a flat stomach.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a flat stomach.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a fat stomach.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a fat stomach.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already colorful.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already colorful.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already plain.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already plain.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too awkward.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too awkward.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too complete.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too complete.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very embarrassing.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very embarrassing.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very quiet.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very quiet.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a faulty memory.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a faulty memory.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a sharp memory.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a sharp memory.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was heavier.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was heavier.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was lighter.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was lighter.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very hot.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very hot.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very cold.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very cold.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too bitter.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too bitter.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too savory.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too savory.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me full.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me full.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me hungry.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me hungry.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was blind.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was blind.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was sighted.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was sighted.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is cheaper.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is cheaper.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is stronger.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is stronger.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too mild.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too mild.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too straight.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too straight.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'kept out the heat.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'kept out the heat.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'let out the heat.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'let out the heat.'
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were old.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were old.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were new.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were new.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that small.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that small.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that big.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that big.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced low.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced low.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced high.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced high.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just inherited some money.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just inherited some money.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just lost some money.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just lost some money.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a large amount of gas.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a large amount of gas.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a small amount of gas.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a small amount of gas.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'said some very offensive things.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'said some very offensive things.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'heard some very offensive things.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'heard some very offensive things.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very deep.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very deep.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very shallow.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very shallow.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very clean person.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very clean person.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very dirty person.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very dirty person.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'appreciated the original language of the film.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'appreciated the original language of the film.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'criticized the original language of the film.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'criticized the original language of the film.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is shallower.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is shallower.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is deeper.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is deeper.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was flimsy.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was flimsy.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was hard.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was hard.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was hot.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was hot.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was soft.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was soft.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently unemployed.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently unemployed.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently working.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently working.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is small.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is small.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is big.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is big.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was smooth.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was smooth.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was rough.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was rough.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the right size.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the right size.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the wrong size.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the wrong size.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to attend.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to attend.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to judge.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to judge.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was deep.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was deep.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was little.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was little.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in low demand.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in low demand.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in high demand.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in high demand.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too tiny.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too tiny.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too huge.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too huge.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too loose.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too loose.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too tight.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too tight.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished eating their breakfast.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished eating their breakfast.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished drinking their breakfast.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished drinking their breakfast.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too much.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too much.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too little.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too little.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen'	b'.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the kitchen'	b'.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south'	b'.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the north'	b'.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north'	b'.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the south'	b'.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a withering look.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a withering look.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a sympathetic look.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a sympathetic look.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too small.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too small.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too large.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too large.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too big.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too big.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too small.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too small.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was nicer.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was nicer.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was nastier.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was nastier.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too small.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too small.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too large.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too large.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the harder cases.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the harder cases.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the easier cases.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the easier cases.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too viscous.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too viscous.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too fluid.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too fluid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother first.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother first.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother later.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother later.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have babies with.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have babies with.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have freedom with.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have freedom with.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are smaller.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are smaller.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are bigger.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are bigger.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too wide.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too wide.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too narrow.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too narrow.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is tough.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is tough.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is soft.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is soft.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the coach.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the coach.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the athlete.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the athlete.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very small bladder.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very small bladder.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very big bladder.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very big bladder.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was always cold.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was always cold.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was never cold.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was never cold.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was capable of climbing the ladder.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was capable of climbing the ladder.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was scared of climbing the ladder.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was scared of climbing the ladder.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was able to go right to sleep.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was able to go right to sleep.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was unable to go right to sleep.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was unable to go right to sleep.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is small.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is small.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is big.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is big.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too cold.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too cold.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too warm.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too warm.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was rich.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was rich.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was poor.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was poor.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is long.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is long.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is short.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is short.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan'	b'is a student.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald'	b'is a student.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald'	b'is a plumber.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan'	b'is a plumber.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too short and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too short and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too long and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too long and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks away.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks away.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks long.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks long.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always on.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always on.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always off.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always off.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a crash diet.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a crash diet.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a healthy diet.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a healthy diet.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too massive.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too massive.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too small.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too small.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is strong.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is strong.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is soft.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is soft.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to beat the dogs.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to beat the dogs.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to treat the dogs.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to treat the dogs.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was likely to be damaged.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was likely to be damaged.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was unlikely to be damaged.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was unlikely to be damaged.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very neat looking presentation.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very neat looking presentation.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very sloppy looking presentation.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very sloppy looking presentation.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too small.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too small.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too big.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too big.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was flexible.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was flexible.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was inflexible.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was inflexible.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes clear liquors.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes clear liquors.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes dark liquors.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes dark liquors.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be filtered.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be filtered.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be scrubbed.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be scrubbed.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too tiny.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too tiny.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too huge.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too huge.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was empty.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was empty.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was full.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was full.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was filled with nutrients.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was filled with nutrients.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was lacking with nutrients.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was lacking with nutrients.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'sent the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'sent the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'received the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'received the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'needed the money that day.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'needed the money that day.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'had the money that day.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'had the money that day.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey'	b'forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena'	b'forgetting to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena'	b'remembering to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey'	b'remembering to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already dry.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already dry.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already wet.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already wet.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is taller.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is taller.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is shorter.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is shorter.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are cheaper.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are cheaper.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are permanent.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are permanent.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is leaky.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is leaky.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is sealed.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is sealed.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had bad breath.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had bad breath.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had fresh breath.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had fresh breath.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too big.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too big.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too small.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too small.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her abs.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her abs.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her chest.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her chest.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now legally parked.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now legally parked.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now illegally parked.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now illegally parked.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'lose their leaves in fall.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'lose their leaves in fall.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'keep their leaves in fall.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'keep their leaves in fall.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was short.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was short.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was canceled.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was canceled.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the sunset.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the sunset.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the sunrise.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the sunrise.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was bland.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was bland.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was flavorful.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was flavorful.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a carrot stick.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a carrot stick.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a hockey stick.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a hockey stick.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was dirtier.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was dirtier.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was cleaner.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was cleaner.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'liked the peace and quiet.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'liked the peace and quiet.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'hated the peace and quiet.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'hated the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently offered a position.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently offered a position.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently accepted a position.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently accepted a position.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is slippery.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is slippery.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is dry.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is dry.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is long.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is long.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is short.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is short.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was addictive.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was addictive.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was boring.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was boring.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was bigger.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was bigger.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was smaller.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was smaller.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could sell the animal.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could sell the animal.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could buy the animal.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could buy the animal.'
b'Kenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'Kenneth had worse skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'Kenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'Kenneth had better skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the patience needed for the task.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the patience needed for the task.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the aptitude needed for the task.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the aptitude needed for the task.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed late the night before.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed late the night before.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed early the night before.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed early the night before.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very materialistic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very materialistic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very realistic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very realistic.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were disgusting.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were disgusting.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were fine.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were fine.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'hated leather.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'hated leather.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'loved leather.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'loved leather.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept inside.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept inside.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept outside.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept outside.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'expected a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'expected a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'gave a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'gave a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too large to be useful.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too large to be useful.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too small to be useful.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too small to be useful.'
b'Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Craig had a slower running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Craig had a faster running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a small dog bed for their pet.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a small dog bed for their pet.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'stayed during the field raid.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'stayed during the field raid.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'fled during the field raid.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'fled during the field raid.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'made peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the hotter weathers.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the cooler weathers.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was smooth.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was smooth.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was abrasive.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was abrasive.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was soft.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was soft.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was hard.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was hard.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very unhealthy diet.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very unhealthy diet.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very healthy diet.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very healthy diet.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was cheap.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was cheap.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was expensive.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was expensive.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'loves the color of their eyes.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'loves the color of their eyes.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'dislikes the color of their eyes.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'dislikes the color of their eyes.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too heavy.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too heavy.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too light.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too light.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were useless.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were useless.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were useful.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were useful.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is humble.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is humble.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is arrogant.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is arrogant.'
