b'The word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of azint is similar to crash. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a azint diet.\n\nThe meaning of geoust is showing careful forethought. The meaning of geoust is similar to cautious. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were geoust.'
b'The word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of azint is similar to crash. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a azint diet.\n\nThe meaning of geoust is showing careful forethought. The meaning of geoust is similar to cautious. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were geoust.'
b'The meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of azinty is similar to healthy. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a azinty diet.\n\nThe verb to geous means to move fast. The meaning of geous is similar to race. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were geous.'
b'The meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of azinty is similar to healthy. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a azinty diet.\n\nThe verb to geous means to move fast. The meaning of geous is similar to race. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were geous.'
b'The word elike refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of elike is similar to sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south .\n\nThe meaning of inoly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of inoly is similar to big. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too inoly.'
b'The word elike refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of elike is similar to sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south .\n\nThe meaning of inoly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of inoly is similar to big. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too inoly.'
b'The word elike refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of elike is similar to snow. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north .\n\nThe meaning of inoly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of inoly is similar to small. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too inoly.'
b'The word elike refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of elike is similar to snow. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north .\n\nThe meaning of inoly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of inoly is similar to small. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too inoly.'
b"The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing.\n\nThe word atoust means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of atoust is similar to never. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing.\n\nThe word atoust means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of atoust is similar to never. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing.\n\nThe word atoust means many times at short intervals. The meaning of atoust is similar to frequently. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing.\n\nThe word atoust means many times at short intervals. The meaning of atoust is similar to frequently. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The word colur refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of colur is similar to sausage. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of lotal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of lotal is similar to cheap. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too lotal.'
b"The word colur refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of colur is similar to sausage. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of lotal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of lotal is similar to cheap. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too lotal.'
b"The word colur refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of colur is similar to pepperoni. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of lotal is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of lotal is similar to expensive. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too lotal.'
b"The word colur refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of colur is similar to pepperoni. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of lotal is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of lotal is similar to expensive. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too lotal.'
b'The meaning of atoust is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of atoust is similar to smooth. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was atoust.\n\nThe meaning of magne is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of magne is similar to thin. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is magne.'
b'The meaning of atoust is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of atoust is similar to smooth. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was atoust.\n\nThe meaning of magne is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of magne is similar to thin. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is magne.'
b'The meaning of atoust is causing abrasion. The meaning of atoust is similar to abrasive. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was atoust.\n\nThe meaning of magne is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of magne is similar to wide. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is magne.'
b'The meaning of atoust is causing abrasion. The meaning of atoust is similar to abrasive. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was atoust.\n\nThe meaning of magne is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of magne is similar to wide. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is magne.'
b'The meaning of ctic is possessing material wealth. The meaning of ctic is similar to rich. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was ctic.\n\nThe meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. The meaning of craconed is similar to limited. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of ctic is possessing material wealth. The meaning of ctic is similar to rich. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was ctic.\n\nThe meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. The meaning of craconed is similar to limited. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of ctic is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of ctic is similar to poor. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was ctic.\n\nThe meaning of craconed is fairly large. The meaning of craconed is similar to substantial. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of ctic is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of ctic is similar to poor. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was ctic.\n\nThe meaning of craconed is fairly large. The meaning of craconed is similar to substantial. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is of long duration; not new. The meaning of nobiced is similar to old. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of azinty is very small. The meaning of azinty is similar to tiny. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too azinty.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is of long duration; not new. The meaning of nobiced is similar to old. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of azinty is very small. The meaning of azinty is similar to tiny. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too azinty.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of nobiced is similar to new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of azinty is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of azinty is similar to huge. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too azinty.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of nobiced is similar to new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of azinty is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of azinty is similar to huge. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too azinty.'
b'The meaning of erioned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to big. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too erioned.\n\nThe meaning of mogiced is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of mogiced is similar to short. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was mogiced.'
b'The meaning of erioned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to big. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too erioned.\n\nThe meaning of mogiced is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of mogiced is similar to short. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was mogiced.'
b'The meaning of erioned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to small. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too erioned.\n\nThe meaning of mogiced is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of mogiced is similar to tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was mogiced.'
b'The meaning of erioned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to small. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too erioned.\n\nThe meaning of mogiced is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of mogiced is similar to tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was mogiced.'
b"The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nThe meaning of logrian is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of logrian is similar to low. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had logrian heels.'
b"The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nThe meaning of logrian is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of logrian is similar to low. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had logrian heels.'
b"The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nThe meaning of logrian is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of logrian is similar to high. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had logrian heels.'
b"The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nThe meaning of logrian is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of logrian is similar to high. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had logrian heels.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of nobiced is similar to tough. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of ishiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ishiced is similar to big. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ishiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of nobiced is similar to tough. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of ishiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ishiced is similar to big. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ishiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of nobiced is similar to soft. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of ishiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ishiced is similar to small. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ishiced.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of nobiced is similar to soft. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of ishiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ishiced is similar to small. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ishiced.'
b'The meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of icat is similar to itchy. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe verb to histic means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of histic is similar to employ. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was histicked.'
b'The meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of icat is similar to itchy. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe verb to histic means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of histic is similar to employ. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was histicked.'
b"The meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of icat is similar to comfortable. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of histiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of histiced is similar to unemployed. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was histiced.'
b"The meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of icat is similar to comfortable. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of histiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of histiced is similar to unemployed. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was histiced.'
b'The word sivent refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of sivent is similar to carrot. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a sivent stick.\n\nThe meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to small. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was evatter.'
b'The word sivent refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of sivent is similar to carrot. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a sivent stick.\n\nThe meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to small. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was evatter.'
b"The word sivent refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of sivent is similar to hockey. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a sivent stick.\n\nThe meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to big. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin"	b'vehicle was evatter.'
b"The word sivent refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of sivent is similar to hockey. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a sivent stick.\n\nThe meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to big. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson"	b'vehicle was evatter.'
b'The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases.\n\nThe verb to monder means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of monder is similar to think. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'mondered they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases.\n\nThe verb to monder means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of monder is similar to think. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'mondered they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases.\n\nThe verb to monder means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of monder is similar to explain. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'mondered they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases.\n\nThe verb to monder means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of monder is similar to explain. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'mondered they were lonely.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of depiny is similar to big. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was depiny.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of depiny is similar to big. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was depiny.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of depiny is similar to short. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was depiny.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of depiny is similar to short. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was depiny.'
b'The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing.\n\nThe verb to nestic means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of nestic is similar to sell. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nestic it.'
b'The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing.\n\nThe verb to nestic means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of nestic is similar to sell. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nestic it.'
b'The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing.\n\nThe verb to nestic means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of nestic is similar to buy. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nestic it.'
b'The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing.\n\nThe verb to nestic means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of nestic is similar to buy. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nestic it.'
b'The meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ophal is similar to humble. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ophal.\n\nThe verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is craconing.'
b'The meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ophal is similar to humble. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ophal.\n\nThe verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is craconing.'
b'The meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ophal is similar to arrogant. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ophal.\n\nThe meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is craconed.'
b'The meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ophal is similar to arrogant. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ophal.\n\nThe meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is craconed.'
b'The meaning of irdian is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to small. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is irdian.\n\nThe meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of berted is similar to hard. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is berted.'
b'The meaning of irdian is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to small. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is irdian.\n\nThe meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of berted is similar to hard. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is berted.'
b'The meaning of irdian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to big. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is irdian.\n\nThe meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of berted is similar to soft. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is berted.'
b'The meaning of irdian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to big. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is irdian.\n\nThe meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of berted is similar to soft. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is berted.'
b'The meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. The meaning of craconed is similar to limited. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of ametian is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ametian is similar to bad. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very ametian cook.'
b'The meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. The meaning of craconed is similar to limited. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of ametian is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ametian is similar to bad. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very ametian cook.'
b'The meaning of craconed is fairly large. The meaning of craconed is similar to substantial. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of ametian is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ametian is similar to good. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very ametian cook.'
b'The meaning of craconed is fairly large. The meaning of craconed is similar to substantial. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of ametian is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ametian is similar to good. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very ametian cook.'
b'The verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of unpaly is similar to attend. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nThe meaning of wrioned is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of wrioned is similar to inexpensive. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of unpaly is similar to attend. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nThe meaning of wrioned is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of wrioned is similar to inexpensive. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of unpaly is similar to judge. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nThe meaning of wrioned is having a high price. The meaning of wrioned is similar to pricy. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of unpaly is similar to judge. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nThe meaning of wrioned is having a high price. The meaning of wrioned is similar to pricy. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of ceist is similar to filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be ceisted.\n\nThe verb to stily means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of stily is similar to pass. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had stilyed the background check.'
b'The verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of ceist is similar to filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be ceisted.\n\nThe verb to stily means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of stily is similar to pass. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had stilyed the background check.'
b'The verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of ceist is similar to scrub. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be ceisted.\n\nThe verb to stily means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of stily is similar to fail. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had stilyed the background check.'
b'The verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of ceist is similar to scrub. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be ceisted.\n\nThe verb to stily means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of stily is similar to fail. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had stilyed the background check.'
b'The meaning of logly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of logly is similar to short. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too logly and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of remony is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of remony is similar to cool. The water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of logly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of logly is similar to short. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too logly and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of remony is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of remony is similar to cool. The water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of logly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of logly is similar to long. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too logly and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of remony is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of remony is similar to hot. The water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of logly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of logly is similar to long. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too logly and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of remony is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of remony is similar to hot. The water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian.\n\nThe word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of uncyary is similar to darker. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more uncyary.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian.\n\nThe word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of uncyary is similar to darker. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more uncyary.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian.\n\nThe meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of uncyary is similar to light. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more uncyary.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian.\n\nThe meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of uncyary is similar to light. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more uncyary.'
b'The verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of ceist is similar to filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be ceisted.\n\nThe meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of atoust is similar to firm. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very atoust.'
b'The verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of ceist is similar to filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be ceisted.\n\nThe meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of atoust is similar to firm. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very atoust.'
b'The verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of ceist is similar to scrub. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be ceisted.\n\nThe meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of atoust is similar to soft. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very atoust.'
b'The verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of ceist is similar to scrub. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be ceisted.\n\nThe meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of atoust is similar to soft. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very atoust.'
b'The meaning of mingly is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of mingly is similar to bitter. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too mingly.\n\nThe meaning of rousnet is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of rousnet is similar to weak. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of mingly is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of mingly is similar to bitter. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too mingly.\n\nThe meaning of rousnet is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of rousnet is similar to weak. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of mingly is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of mingly is similar to savory. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too mingly.\n\nThe meaning of rousnet is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of rousnet is similar to strong. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of mingly is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of mingly is similar to savory. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too mingly.\n\nThe meaning of rousnet is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of rousnet is similar to strong. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of logly is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of logly is similar to disgusting. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were logly.\n\nThe meaning of leing is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of leing is similar to flat. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a leing stomach.'
b'The meaning of logly is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of logly is similar to disgusting. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were logly.\n\nThe meaning of leing is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of leing is similar to flat. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a leing stomach.'
b'The meaning of logly is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of logly is similar to fine. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were logly.\n\nThe meaning of leing is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of leing is similar to fat. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a leing stomach.'
b'The meaning of logly is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of logly is similar to fine. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were logly.\n\nThe meaning of leing is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of leing is similar to fat. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a leing stomach.'
b"The meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to small. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was evatter.\n\nThe meaning of supentish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of supentish is similar to good. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to small. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was evatter.\n\nThe meaning of supentish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of supentish is similar to good. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to big. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was evatter.\n\nThe meaning of supentish is unsatisfactory. The meaning of supentish is similar to poor. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to big. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was evatter.\n\nThe meaning of supentish is unsatisfactory. The meaning of supentish is similar to poor. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b'The verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of logria is similar to inherit. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just logriaed some money.\n\nThe verb to uncion means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of uncion is similar to comfort. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of logria is similar to inherit. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just logriaed some money.\n\nThe verb to uncion means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of uncion is similar to comfort. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of logria is similar to lose. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just logriaed some money.\n\nThe verb to uncion means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of uncion is similar to scold. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of logria is similar to lose. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just logriaed some money.\n\nThe verb to uncion means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of uncion is similar to scold. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'The meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. The meaning of craconed is similar to limited. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of ametian is having striking color. The meaning of ametian is similar to colorful. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of craconed is small in range or scope. The meaning of craconed is similar to limited. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of ametian is having striking color. The meaning of ametian is similar to colorful. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of craconed is fairly large. The meaning of craconed is similar to substantial. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of ametian is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of ametian is similar to plain. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of craconed is fairly large. The meaning of craconed is similar to substantial. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of ametian is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of ametian is similar to plain. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nThe word inoness refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of inoness is similar to preparation. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nThe word inoness refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of inoness is similar to preparation. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nThe word inoness refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of inoness is similar to distribution. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nThe word inoness refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of inoness is similar to distribution. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony.\n\nThe meaning of thoid is causing inconvenience. The meaning of thoid is similar to awkward. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too thoid.'
b"The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony.\n\nThe meaning of thoid is causing inconvenience. The meaning of thoid is similar to awkward. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too thoid.'
b"The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony.\n\nThe meaning of thoid is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of thoid is similar to complete. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too thoid.'
b"The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony.\n\nThe meaning of thoid is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of thoid is similar to complete. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too thoid.'
b'The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing.\n\nThe meaning of hently is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of hently is similar to embarrassing. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very hently.'
b'The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing.\n\nThe meaning of hently is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of hently is similar to embarrassing. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very hently.'
b'The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed.\n\nThe meaning of hently is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of hently is similar to quiet. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very hently.'
b'The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed.\n\nThe meaning of hently is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of hently is similar to quiet. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very hently.'
b'The word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of uncyary is similar to darker. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more uncyary.\n\nThe meaning of ghter is having a defect. The meaning of ghter is similar to faulty. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a ghter memory.'
b'The word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of uncyary is similar to darker. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more uncyary.\n\nThe meaning of ghter is having a defect. The meaning of ghter is similar to faulty. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a ghter memory.'
b'The meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of uncyary is similar to light. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more uncyary.\n\nThe meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of ghter is similar to sharp. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a ghter memory.'
b'The meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of uncyary is similar to light. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more uncyary.\n\nThe meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of ghter is similar to sharp. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a ghter memory.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of nocal is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of nocal is similar to heavy. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was nocaller.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of nocal is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of nocal is similar to heavy. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was nocaller.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of nocal is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of nocal is similar to light. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was nocaller.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of nocal is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of nocal is similar to light. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was nocaller.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of rousnet is similar to weak. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too rousnet.\n\nThe meaning of meling is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of meling is similar to hot. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very meling.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of rousnet is similar to weak. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too rousnet.\n\nThe meaning of meling is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of meling is similar to hot. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very meling.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of rousnet is similar to strong. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too rousnet.\n\nThe meaning of meling is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of meling is similar to cold. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very meling.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of rousnet is similar to strong. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too rousnet.\n\nThe meaning of meling is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of meling is similar to cold. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very meling.'
b'The word dynan refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunset. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the dynan.\n\nThe meaning of mingly is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of mingly is similar to bitter. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too mingly.'
b'The word dynan refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunset. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the dynan.\n\nThe meaning of mingly is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of mingly is similar to bitter. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too mingly.'
b'The word dynan refers to the first light of day. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunrise. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the dynan.\n\nThe meaning of mingly is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of mingly is similar to savory. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too mingly.'
b'The word dynan refers to the first light of day. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunrise. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the dynan.\n\nThe meaning of mingly is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of mingly is similar to savory. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too mingly.'
b"The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases.\n\nThe meaning of chostic is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of chostic is similar to full. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me chostic.'
b"The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases.\n\nThe meaning of chostic is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of chostic is similar to full. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me chostic.'
b"The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases.\n\nThe meaning of chostic is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of chostic is similar to hungry. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me chostic.'
b"The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases.\n\nThe meaning of chostic is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of chostic is similar to hungry. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me chostic.'
b'The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing.\n\nThe meaning of dind is unable to see. The meaning of dind is similar to blind. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was dind.'
b'The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing.\n\nThe meaning of dind is unable to see. The meaning of dind is similar to blind. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was dind.'
b'The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing.\n\nThe meaning of dind is able to see. The meaning of dind is similar to sighted. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was dind.'
b'The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing.\n\nThe meaning of dind is able to see. The meaning of dind is similar to sighted. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was dind.'
b'The meaning of geoust is showing careful forethought. The meaning of geoust is similar to cautious. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were geoust.\n\nThe meaning of ishiced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of ishiced is similar to cheap. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more ishiced.'
b'The meaning of geoust is showing careful forethought. The meaning of geoust is similar to cautious. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were geoust.\n\nThe meaning of ishiced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of ishiced is similar to cheap. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more ishiced.'
b'The verb to geous means to move fast. The meaning of geous is similar to race. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were geous.\n\nThe meaning of ishiced is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of ishiced is similar to strong. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more ishiced.'
b'The verb to geous means to move fast. The meaning of geous is similar to race. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were geous.\n\nThe meaning of ishiced is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of ishiced is similar to strong. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more ishiced.'
b'The word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of stiliced is similar to baby. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nThe meaning of exping is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of exping is similar to mild. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too exping.'
b'The word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of stiliced is similar to baby. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nThe meaning of exping is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of exping is similar to mild. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too exping.'
b'The word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of stiliced is similar to freedom. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nThe meaning of exping is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of exping is similar to straight. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too exping.'
b'The word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of stiliced is similar to freedom. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nThe meaning of exping is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of exping is similar to straight. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too exping.'
b"The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to ametic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of ametic is similar to keep. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'ameticked out the heat.'
b"The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to ametic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of ametic is similar to keep. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'ameticked out the heat.'
b"The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to ametic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of ametic is similar to let. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'ameticked out the heat.'
b"The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to ametic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of ametic is similar to let. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'ameticked out the heat.'
b'The meaning of perder is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of perder is similar to bad. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had perder breath.\n\nThe word inging refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of inging is similar to shame. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of perder is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of perder is similar to bad. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had perder breath.\n\nThe word inging refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of inging is similar to shame. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of perder is free from impurities. The meaning of perder is similar to fresh. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had perder breath.\n\nThe word inging refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of inging is similar to anger. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of perder is free from impurities. The meaning of perder is similar to fresh. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had perder breath.\n\nThe word inging refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of inging is similar to anger. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is of long duration; not new. The meaning of nobiced is similar to old. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were nobiced.'
b'The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is of long duration; not new. The meaning of nobiced is similar to old. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were nobiced.'
b'The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of nobiced is similar to new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were nobiced.'
b'The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of nobiced is similar to new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were nobiced.'
b'The meaning of dind is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of dind is similar to unhealthy. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very dind diet.\n\nThe meaning of rader is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rader is similar to small. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that rader.'
b'The meaning of dind is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of dind is similar to unhealthy. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very dind diet.\n\nThe meaning of rader is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rader is similar to small. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that rader.'
b'The meaning of dind is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of dind is similar to healthy. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very dind diet.\n\nThe meaning of rader is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rader is similar to big. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that rader.'
b'The meaning of dind is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of dind is similar to healthy. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very dind diet.\n\nThe meaning of rader is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rader is similar to big. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that rader.'
b'The meaning of nocal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of nocal is similar to useless. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were nocal.\n\nThe word strian means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of strian is similar to low. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced strian.'
b'The meaning of nocal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of nocal is similar to useless. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were nocal.\n\nThe word strian means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of strian is similar to low. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced strian.'
b'The meaning of nocal is being of use or service. The meaning of nocal is similar to useful. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were nocal.\n\nThe meaning of strian is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of strian is similar to high. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced strian.'
b'The meaning of nocal is being of use or service. The meaning of nocal is similar to useful. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were nocal.\n\nThe meaning of strian is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of strian is similar to high. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced strian.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to big. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too rousnet.\n\nThe verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of logria is similar to inherit. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just logriaed some money.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to big. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too rousnet.\n\nThe verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of logria is similar to inherit. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just logriaed some money.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to small. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too rousnet.\n\nThe verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of logria is similar to lose. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just logriaed some money.'
b'The meaning of rousnet is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to small. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too rousnet.\n\nThe verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of logria is similar to lose. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just logriaed some money.'
b'The verb to wasid means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of wasid is similar to need. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria wasided the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of leing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to large. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a leing amount of gas.'
b'The verb to wasid means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of wasid is similar to need. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria wasided the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of leing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to large. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a leing amount of gas.'
b'The verb to wasid means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of wasid is similar to have. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah wasided the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a leing amount of gas.'
b'The verb to wasid means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of wasid is similar to have. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah wasided the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a leing amount of gas.'
b"The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'zinessed some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'zinessed some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'zinessed some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'zinessed some very offensive things.'
b'The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony.\n\nThe meaning of sagge is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of sagge is similar to deep. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very sagge.'
b'The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony.\n\nThe meaning of sagge is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of sagge is similar to deep. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very sagge.'
b'The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony.\n\nThe meaning of sagge is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of sagge is similar to shallow. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very sagge.'
b'The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony.\n\nThe meaning of sagge is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of sagge is similar to shallow. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very sagge.'
b"The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of ophal is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of ophal is similar to clean. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very ophal person.'
b"The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of ophal is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of ophal is similar to clean. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very ophal person.'
b"The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of ophal is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of ophal is similar to dirty. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very ophal person.'
b"The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of ophal is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of ophal is similar to dirty. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very ophal person.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of nobiced is similar to short. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was nobiced.\n\nThe verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'rousnet the original language of the film.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of nobiced is similar to short. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was nobiced.\n\nThe verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'rousnet the original language of the film.'
b'The verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of nobic is similar to cancel. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was nobicked.\n\nThe verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'rousnet the original language of the film.'
b'The verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of nobic is similar to cancel. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was nobicked.\n\nThe verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'rousnet the original language of the film.'
b"The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing.\n\nThe meaning of olike is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of olike is similar to shallow. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is oliker.'
b"The meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing.\n\nThe meaning of olike is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of olike is similar to shallow. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is oliker.'
b"The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing.\n\nThe meaning of olike is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of olike is similar to deep. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is oliker.'
b"The meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing.\n\nThe meaning of olike is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of olike is similar to deep. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is oliker.'
b'The meaning of hently is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of hently is similar to embarrassing. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very hently.\n\nThe meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was remony.'
b'The meaning of hently is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of hently is similar to embarrassing. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very hently.\n\nThe meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was remony.'
b'The meaning of hently is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of hently is similar to quiet. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very hently.\n\nThe meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was remony.'
b'The meaning of hently is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of hently is similar to quiet. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very hently.\n\nThe meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was remony.'
b'The word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of dispe is similar to ab. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her dispes.\n\nThe meaning of rousnet is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of rousnet is similar to hot. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was rousnet.'
b'The word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of dispe is similar to ab. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her dispes.\n\nThe meaning of rousnet is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of rousnet is similar to hot. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was rousnet.'
b'The word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of dispe is similar to chest. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her dispe.\n\nThe meaning of rousnet is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of rousnet is similar to soft. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was rousnet.'
b'The word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of dispe is similar to chest. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her dispe.\n\nThe meaning of rousnet is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of rousnet is similar to soft. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was rousnet.'
b'The verb to jarte means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of jarte is similar to expect. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily jarte a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of ortutty is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of ortutty is similar to unemployed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently ortutty.'
b'The verb to jarte means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of jarte is similar to expect. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily jarte a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of ortutty is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of ortutty is similar to unemployed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently ortutty.'
b'The verb to jarte means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of jarte is similar to give. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha jarte a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe verb to ortut means to be employed. The meaning of ortut is similar to work. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently ortutting.'
b'The verb to jarte means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of jarte is similar to give. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha jarte a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe verb to ortut means to be employed. The meaning of ortut is similar to work. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently ortutting.'
b'The verb to lerip means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of lerip is similar to offer. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently leripated a position.\n\nThe meaning of irdian is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to small. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is irdian.'
b'The verb to lerip means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of lerip is similar to offer. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently leripated a position.\n\nThe meaning of irdian is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to small. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is irdian.'
b'The verb to lerip means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of lerip is similar to accept. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently leripated a position.\n\nThe meaning of irdian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to big. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is irdian.'
b'The verb to lerip means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of lerip is similar to accept. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently leripated a position.\n\nThe meaning of irdian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of irdian is similar to big. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is irdian.'
b"The verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of emous is similar to like. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of leripy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of leripy is similar to smooth. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was leripy.'
b"The verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of emous is similar to like. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of leripy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of leripy is similar to smooth. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was leripy.'
b"The verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of emous is similar to hate. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of leripy is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of leripy is similar to rough. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was leripy.'
b"The verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of emous is similar to hate. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of leripy is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of leripy is similar to rough. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was leripy.'
b'The word herinee refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of herinee is similar to coach. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the herinee.\n\nThe meaning of dispy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of dispy is similar to right. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the dispy size.'
b'The word herinee refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of herinee is similar to coach. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the herinee.\n\nThe meaning of dispy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of dispy is similar to right. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the dispy size.'
b'The word herinee refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of herinee is similar to athlete. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the herinee.\n\nThe meaning of dispy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of dispy is similar to wrong. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the dispy size.'
b'The word herinee refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of herinee is similar to athlete. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the herinee.\n\nThe meaning of dispy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of dispy is similar to wrong. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the dispy size.'
b'The meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to small. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was evatter.\n\nThe verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of unpaly is similar to attend. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly.'
b'The meaning of evat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to small. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was evatter.\n\nThe verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of unpaly is similar to attend. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly.'
b'The meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to big. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was evatter.\n\nThe verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of unpaly is similar to judge. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly.'
b'The meaning of evat is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of evat is similar to big. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was evatter.\n\nThe verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of unpaly is similar to judge. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly.'
b'The meaning of leing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to large. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a leing amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of icat is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of icat is similar to deep. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was icat.'
b'The meaning of leing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to large. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a leing amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of icat is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of icat is similar to deep. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was icat.'
b'The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a leing amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of icat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icat is similar to little. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was icat.'
b'The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a leing amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of icat is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of icat is similar to little. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was icat.'
b'The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ouske is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of ouske is similar to low. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in ouske demand.'
b'The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ouske is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of ouske is similar to low. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in ouske demand.'
b'The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ouske is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of ouske is similar to high. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in ouske demand.'
b'The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ouske is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of ouske is similar to high. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in ouske demand.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of lotal is very small. The meaning of lotal is similar to tiny. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too lotal.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of lotal is very small. The meaning of lotal is similar to tiny. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too lotal.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of lotal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of lotal is similar to huge. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too lotal.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of lotal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of lotal is similar to huge. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too lotal.'
b'The meaning of rader is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of rader is similar to loud. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of racted is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to loose. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too racted.'
b'The meaning of rader is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of rader is similar to loud. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of racted is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to loose. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too racted.'
b'The meaning of rader is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of rader is similar to soft. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of racted is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to tight. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too racted.'
b'The meaning of rader is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of rader is similar to soft. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of racted is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to tight. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too racted.'
b'The word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of uncyary is similar to darker. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more uncyary.\n\nThe verb to ametic means to take in solid food. The meaning of ametic is similar to eat. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast.'
b'The word uncyary means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of uncyary is similar to darker. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more uncyary.\n\nThe verb to ametic means to take in solid food. The meaning of ametic is similar to eat. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast.'
b'The meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of uncyary is similar to light. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more uncyary.\n\nThe verb to ametic means to take in liquids. The meaning of ametic is similar to drink. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast.'
b'The meaning of uncyary is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of uncyary is similar to light. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more uncyary.\n\nThe verb to ametic means to take in liquids. The meaning of ametic is similar to drink. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast.'
b'The word inoly means in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to on. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always inoly.\n\nThe meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to much. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too ungery.'
b'The word inoly means in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to on. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always inoly.\n\nThe meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to much. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too ungery.'
b'The word inoly means not in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to off. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always inoly.\n\nThe meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to little. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too ungery.'
b'The word inoly means not in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to off. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always inoly.\n\nThe meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to little. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too ungery.'
b'The meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of berted is similar to hard. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is berted.\n\nThe meaning of rader is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of rader is similar to loud. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen'	b'.'
b'The meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of berted is similar to hard. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is berted.\n\nThe meaning of rader is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of rader is similar to loud. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'The meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of berted is similar to soft. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is berted.\n\nThe meaning of rader is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of rader is similar to soft. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'The meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of berted is similar to soft. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is berted.\n\nThe meaning of rader is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of rader is similar to soft. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen'	b'.'
b"The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather.\n\nThe meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather.\n\nThe meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather.\n\nThe meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather.\n\nThe meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'The meaning of opism is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of opism is similar to cold. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too opism.\n\nThe word elike refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of elike is similar to sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south'	b'.'
b'The meaning of opism is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of opism is similar to cold. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too opism.\n\nThe word elike refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of elike is similar to sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north'	b'.'
b'The meaning of opism is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of opism is similar to warm. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too opism.\n\nThe word elike refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of elike is similar to snow. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north'	b'.'
b'The meaning of opism is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of opism is similar to warm. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too opism.\n\nThe word elike refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of elike is similar to snow. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south'	b'.'
b'The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike.\n\nThe verb to vingly means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of vingly is similar to wither. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a vinglying look.'
b'The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike.\n\nThe verb to vingly means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of vingly is similar to wither. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a vinglying look.'
b'The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike.\n\nThe meaning of vingly is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of vingly is similar to sympathetic. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a vingly look.'
b'The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike.\n\nThe meaning of vingly is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of vingly is similar to sympathetic. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a vingly look.'
b"The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ditral is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to small. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too ditral.'
b"The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ditral is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to small. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too ditral.'
b"The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ditral is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to large. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too ditral.'
b"The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ditral is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to large. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too ditral.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian.\n\nThe meaning of rousnet is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to big. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian.\n\nThe meaning of rousnet is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to big. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian.\n\nThe meaning of rousnet is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to small. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too rousnet.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian.\n\nThe meaning of rousnet is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of rousnet is similar to small. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too rousnet.'
b'The verb to ametic means to take in solid food. The meaning of ametic is similar to eat. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of urole is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of urole is similar to nice. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was uroler.'
b'The verb to ametic means to take in solid food. The meaning of ametic is similar to eat. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of urole is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of urole is similar to nice. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was uroler.'
b'The verb to ametic means to take in liquids. The meaning of ametic is similar to drink. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of urole is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of urole is similar to nasty. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was uroler.'
b'The verb to ametic means to take in liquids. The meaning of ametic is similar to drink. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of urole is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of urole is similar to nasty. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was uroler.'
b'The meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of hently is similar to cheap. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was hently.\n\nThe meaning of ameticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ameticed is similar to small. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ameticed.'
b'The meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of hently is similar to cheap. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was hently.\n\nThe meaning of ameticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ameticed is similar to small. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ameticed.'
b'The meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of hently is similar to expensive. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was hently.\n\nThe meaning of ameticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ameticed is similar to large. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ameticed.'
b'The meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of hently is similar to expensive. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was hently.\n\nThe meaning of ameticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ameticed is similar to large. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ameticed.'
b'The meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of jarted is similar to likely. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was jarted to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more monoust cases.'
b'The meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of jarted is similar to likely. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was jarted to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more monoust cases.'
b'The meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of jarted is similar to unlikely. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was jarted to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more monoust cases.'
b'The meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of jarted is similar to unlikely. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was jarted to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more monoust cases.'
b'The meaning of wrioned is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of wrioned is similar to soft. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was wrioned.\n\nThe meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of inoly is similar to viscous. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too inoly.'
b'The meaning of wrioned is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of wrioned is similar to soft. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was wrioned.\n\nThe meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of inoly is similar to viscous. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too inoly.'
b'The meaning of wrioned is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of wrioned is similar to hard. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was wrioned.\n\nThe meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of inoly is similar to fluid. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too inoly.'
b'The meaning of wrioned is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of wrioned is similar to hard. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was wrioned.\n\nThe meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of inoly is similar to fluid. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too inoly.'
b'The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe word rader means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of rader is similar to first. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother rader.'
b'The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe word rader means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of rader is similar to first. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother rader.'
b'The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe word rader means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of rader is similar to later. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother rader.'
b'The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe word rader means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of rader is similar to later. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother rader.'
b"The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nThe word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of stiliced is similar to baby. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with.'
b"The verb to ziness means to express in words. The meaning of ziness is similar to say. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nThe word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of stiliced is similar to baby. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with.'
b"The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nThe word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of stiliced is similar to freedom. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with.'
b"The verb to ziness means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of ziness is similar to hear. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nThe word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of stiliced is similar to freedom. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with.'
b"The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather.\n\nThe meaning of heing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to small. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are heinger.'
b"The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather.\n\nThe meaning of heing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to small. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are heinger.'
b"The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather.\n\nThe meaning of heing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to big. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are heinger.'
b"The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather.\n\nThe meaning of heing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to big. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are heinger.'
b"The meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of nobiced is similar to dirty. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of lamid is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of lamid is similar to wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too lamid.'
b"The meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of nobiced is similar to dirty. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of lamid is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of lamid is similar to wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too lamid.'
b"The meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of nobiced is similar to clean. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of lamid is not wide. The meaning of lamid is similar to narrow. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too lamid.'
b"The meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of nobiced is similar to clean. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of lamid is not wide. The meaning of lamid is similar to narrow. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too lamid.'
b'The meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of inoly is similar to viscous. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too inoly.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of nobiced is similar to tough. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is nobiced.'
b'The meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of inoly is similar to viscous. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too inoly.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of nobiced is similar to tough. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is nobiced.'
b'The meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of inoly is similar to fluid. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too inoly.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of nobiced is similar to soft. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is nobiced.'
b'The meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of inoly is similar to fluid. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too inoly.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of nobiced is similar to soft. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is nobiced.'
b"The verb to ouske means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of ouske is similar to make. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word herinee refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of herinee is similar to coach. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the herinee.'
b"The verb to ouske means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of ouske is similar to make. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word herinee refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of herinee is similar to coach. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the herinee.'
b"The verb to ouske means to take in solid food. The meaning of ouske is similar to eat. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word herinee refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of herinee is similar to athlete. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the herinee.'
b"The verb to ouske means to take in solid food. The meaning of ouske is similar to eat. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word herinee refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of herinee is similar to athlete. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the herinee.'
b'The meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of icat is similar to itchy. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to small. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very andried bladder.'
b'The meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of icat is similar to itchy. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to small. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very andried bladder.'
b"The meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of icat is similar to comfortable. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to big. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty"	b'had a very andried bladder.'
b"The meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of icat is similar to comfortable. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to big. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia"	b'had a very andried bladder.'
b'The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony.\n\nThe word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of osticed is similar to always. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was osticed cold.'
b'The meaning of remony is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of remony is similar to flimsy. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony.\n\nThe word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of osticed is similar to always. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was osticed cold.'
b'The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony.\n\nThe word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of osticed is similar to never. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was osticed cold.'
b'The meaning of remony is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of remony is similar to hard. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony.\n\nThe word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of osticed is similar to never. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was osticed cold.'
b"The meaning of inably is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of inably is similar to cheap. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are inablier.\n\nThe meaning of derginy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of derginy is similar to capable. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of inably is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of inably is similar to cheap. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are inablier.\n\nThe meaning of derginy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of derginy is similar to capable. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder.'
b'The meaning of inably is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of inably is similar to permanent. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are inably.\n\nThe meaning of derginy is made afraid. The meaning of derginy is similar to scared. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder.'
b'The meaning of inably is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of inably is similar to permanent. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are inably.\n\nThe meaning of derginy is made afraid. The meaning of derginy is similar to scared. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of ortutty is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of ortutty is similar to unemployed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently ortutty.\n\nThe meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of ellessy is similar to able. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca"	b'was ellessy to go right to sleep.'
b"The meaning of ortutty is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of ortutty is similar to unemployed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently ortutty.\n\nThe meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of ellessy is similar to able. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica"	b'was ellessy to go right to sleep.'
b"The verb to ortut means to be employed. The meaning of ortut is similar to work. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently ortutting.\n\nThe meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of ellessy is similar to unable. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica"	b'was ellessy to go right to sleep.'
b"The verb to ortut means to be employed. The meaning of ortut is similar to work. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently ortutting.\n\nThe meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of ellessy is similar to unable. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca"	b'was ellessy to go right to sleep.'
b'The meaning of racted is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to loose. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too racted.\n\nThe meaning of alnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of alnessy is similar to small. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is alnessy.'
b'The meaning of racted is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to loose. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too racted.\n\nThe meaning of alnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of alnessy is similar to small. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is alnessy.'
b'The meaning of racted is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to tight. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too racted.\n\nThe meaning of alnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of alnessy is similar to big. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is alnessy.'
b'The meaning of racted is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of racted is similar to tight. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too racted.\n\nThe meaning of alnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of alnessy is similar to big. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is alnessy.'
b"The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing.\n\nThe meaning of opism is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of opism is similar to cold. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too opism.'
b"The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing.\n\nThe meaning of opism is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of opism is similar to cold. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too opism.'
b"The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing.\n\nThe meaning of opism is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of opism is similar to warm. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too opism.'
b"The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing.\n\nThe meaning of opism is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of opism is similar to warm. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too opism.'
b'The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing.\n\nThe meaning of ctic is possessing material wealth. The meaning of ctic is similar to rich. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was ctic.'
b'The verb to cracon means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of cracon is similar to contrast. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing.\n\nThe meaning of ctic is possessing material wealth. The meaning of ctic is similar to rich. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was ctic.'
b'The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed.\n\nThe meaning of ctic is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of ctic is similar to poor. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was ctic.'
b'The meaning of craconed is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of craconed is similar to similar. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed.\n\nThe meaning of ctic is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of ctic is similar to poor. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was ctic.'
b'The meaning of ghter is having a defect. The meaning of ghter is similar to faulty. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a ghter memory.\n\nThe meaning of remony is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of remony is similar to long. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is remony.'
b'The meaning of ghter is having a defect. The meaning of ghter is similar to faulty. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a ghter memory.\n\nThe meaning of remony is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of remony is similar to long. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is remony.'
b'The meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of ghter is similar to sharp. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a ghter memory.\n\nThe meaning of remony is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of remony is similar to short. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is remony.'
b'The meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of ghter is similar to sharp. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a ghter memory.\n\nThe meaning of remony is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of remony is similar to short. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is remony.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe word icaticed refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of icaticed is similar to student. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a icaticed.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of terty is similar to dark. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe word icaticed refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of icaticed is similar to student. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a icaticed.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe word icaticed refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of icaticed is similar to plumber. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a icaticed.'
b"The meaning of terty is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of terty is similar to light. The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe word icaticed refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of icaticed is similar to plumber. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a icaticed.'
b'The meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of hently is similar to cheap. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was hently.\n\nThe meaning of logly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of logly is similar to short. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of hently is similar to cheap. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was hently.\n\nThe meaning of logly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of logly is similar to short. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of hently is similar to expensive. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was hently.\n\nThe meaning of logly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of logly is similar to long. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of hently is similar to expensive. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was hently.\n\nThe meaning of logly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of logly is similar to long. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases.\n\nThe word ritty means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of ritty is similar to away. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks ritty.'
b'The meaning of monoust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of monoust is similar to hard. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases.\n\nThe word ritty means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of ritty is similar to away. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks ritty.'
b'The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases.\n\nThe word ritty means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of ritty is similar to long. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks ritty.'
b'The meaning of monoust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of monoust is similar to easy. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases.\n\nThe word ritty means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of ritty is similar to long. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks ritty.'
b'The meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of halissy is similar to slippery. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is halissy.\n\nThe word inoly means in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to on. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always inoly.'
b'The meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of halissy is similar to slippery. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is halissy.\n\nThe word inoly means in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to on. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always inoly.'
b'The meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of halissy is similar to dry. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is halissy.\n\nThe word inoly means not in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to off. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always inoly.'
b'The meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of halissy is similar to dry. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is halissy.\n\nThe word inoly means not in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to off. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always inoly.'
b'The meaning of urole is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of urole is similar to nice. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was uroler.\n\nThe word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of azint is similar to crash. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a azint diet.'
b'The meaning of urole is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of urole is similar to nice. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was uroler.\n\nThe word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of azint is similar to crash. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a azint diet.'
b'The meaning of urole is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of urole is similar to nasty. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was uroler.\n\nThe meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of azinty is similar to healthy. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a azinty diet.'
b'The meaning of urole is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of urole is similar to nasty. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was uroler.\n\nThe meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of azinty is similar to healthy. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a azinty diet.'
b"The meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of atoust is similar to firm. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very atoust.\n\nThe meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too leing.'
b"The meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of atoust is similar to firm. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very atoust.\n\nThe meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too leing.'
b"The meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of atoust is similar to soft. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very atoust.\n\nThe meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too leing.'
b"The meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of atoust is similar to soft. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very atoust.\n\nThe meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too leing.'
b'The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike.\n\nThe meaning of ioncy is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of ioncy is similar to strong. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is ioncy.'
b'The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike.\n\nThe meaning of ioncy is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of ioncy is similar to strong. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is ioncy.'
b'The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike.\n\nThe meaning of ioncy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of ioncy is similar to soft. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is ioncy.'
b'The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike.\n\nThe meaning of ioncy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of ioncy is similar to soft. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is ioncy.'
b'The meaning of ametian is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ametian is similar to bad. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very ametian cook.\n\nThe verb to exping means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of exping is similar to beat. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to exping the dogs.'
b'The meaning of ametian is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ametian is similar to bad. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very ametian cook.\n\nThe verb to exping means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of exping is similar to beat. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to exping the dogs.'
b'The meaning of ametian is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ametian is similar to good. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very ametian cook.\n\nThe verb to exping means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of exping is similar to treat. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to exping the dogs.'
b'The meaning of ametian is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ametian is similar to good. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very ametian cook.\n\nThe verb to exping means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of exping is similar to treat. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to exping the dogs.'
b'The verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of emous is similar to like. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of jarted is similar to likely. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was jarted to be damaged.'
b'The verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of emous is similar to like. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of jarted is similar to likely. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was jarted to be damaged.'
b'The verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of emous is similar to hate. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of jarted is similar to unlikely. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was jarted to be damaged.'
b'The verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of emous is similar to hate. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of jarted is similar to unlikely. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was jarted to be damaged.'
b'The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nThe meaning of biliny is clean or organized. The meaning of biliny is similar to neat. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nThe meaning of biliny is clean or organized. The meaning of biliny is similar to neat. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nThe meaning of biliny is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of biliny is similar to sloppy. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nThe meaning of biliny is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of biliny is similar to sloppy. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation.'
b'The verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of scepin is similar to stay. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica scepined during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of nomaticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to small. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too nomaticed.'
b'The verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of scepin is similar to stay. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica scepined during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of nomaticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to small. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too nomaticed.'
b'The verb to scepin means to run away quickly. The meaning of scepin is similar to flee. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah scepined during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of nomaticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to big. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too nomaticed.'
b'The verb to scepin means to run away quickly. The meaning of scepin is similar to flee. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah scepined during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of nomaticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to big. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too nomaticed.'
b'The meaning of exping is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of exping is similar to mild. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too exping.\n\nThe meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of logrian is similar to flexible. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was logrian.'
b'The meaning of exping is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of exping is similar to mild. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too exping.\n\nThe meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of logrian is similar to flexible. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was logrian.'
b'The meaning of exping is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of exping is similar to straight. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too exping.\n\nThe meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of logrian is similar to inflexible. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was logrian.'
b'The meaning of exping is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of exping is similar to straight. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too exping.\n\nThe meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of logrian is similar to inflexible. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was logrian.'
b"The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing.\n\nThe meaning of ditral is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of ditral is similar to clear. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes ditral liquors.'
b"The meaning of leing is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of leing is similar to massive. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing.\n\nThe meaning of ditral is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of ditral is similar to clear. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes ditral liquors.'
b"The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing.\n\nThe meaning of ditral is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of ditral is similar to dark. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes ditral liquors.'
b"The meaning of leing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of leing is similar to small. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing.\n\nThe meaning of ditral is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of ditral is similar to dark. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes ditral liquors.'
b'The verb to progus means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of progus is similar to fill. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was progus with nutrients.\n\nThe verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of emous is similar to like. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The verb to progus means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of progus is similar to fill. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was progus with nutrients.\n\nThe verb to emous means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of emous is similar to like. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The verb to progus means to be without. The meaning of progus is similar to lack. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was progus with nutrients.\n\nThe verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of emous is similar to hate. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The verb to progus means to be without. The meaning of progus is similar to lack. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was progus with nutrients.\n\nThe verb to emous means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of emous is similar to hate. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of azint is similar to crash. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a azint diet.\n\nThe meaning of shably is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to big. The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The word azint refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of azint is similar to crash. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a azint diet.\n\nThe meaning of shably is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to big. The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of azinty is similar to healthy. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a azinty diet.\n\nThe meaning of shably is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to small. The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of azinty is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of azinty is similar to healthy. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a azinty diet.\n\nThe meaning of shably is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to small. The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of depiny is similar to big. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was depiny.\n\nThe verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of ceist is similar to filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be ceisted.'
b'The meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of depiny is similar to big. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was depiny.\n\nThe verb to ceist means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of ceist is similar to filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be ceisted.'
b'The meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of depiny is similar to short. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was depiny.\n\nThe verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of ceist is similar to scrub. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be ceisted.'
b'The meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of depiny is similar to short. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was depiny.\n\nThe verb to ceist means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of ceist is similar to scrub. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be ceisted.'
b'The verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of osial is similar to sell. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could osial the animal.\n\nThe meaning of colur is very small. The meaning of colur is similar to tiny. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too colur.'
b'The verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of osial is similar to sell. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could osial the animal.\n\nThe meaning of colur is very small. The meaning of colur is similar to tiny. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too colur.'
b'The verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of osial is similar to buy. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could osial the animal.\n\nThe meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of colur is similar to huge. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too colur.'
b'The verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of osial is similar to buy. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could osial the animal.\n\nThe meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of colur is similar to huge. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too colur.'
b'The meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to much. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too ungery.\n\nThe meaning of genter is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of genter is similar to empty. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was genter.'
b'The meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to much. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too ungery.\n\nThe meaning of genter is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of genter is similar to empty. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was genter.'
b'The meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to little. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too ungery.\n\nThe meaning of genter is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of genter is similar to full. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was genter.'
b'The meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to little. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too ungery.\n\nThe meaning of genter is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of genter is similar to full. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was genter.'
b'The verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of osial is similar to sell. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could osial the animal.\n\nThe verb to progus means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of progus is similar to fill. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was progus with nutrients.'
b'The verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of osial is similar to sell. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could osial the animal.\n\nThe verb to progus means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of progus is similar to fill. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was progus with nutrients.'
b'The verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of osial is similar to buy. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could osial the animal.\n\nThe verb to progus means to be without. The meaning of progus is similar to lack. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was progus with nutrients.'
b'The verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of osial is similar to buy. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could osial the animal.\n\nThe verb to progus means to be without. The meaning of progus is similar to lack. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was progus with nutrients.'
b'The word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of dispe is similar to ab. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her dispes.\n\nThe verb to perder means to transfer. The meaning of perder is similar to send. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of dispe is similar to ab. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her dispes.\n\nThe verb to perder means to transfer. The meaning of perder is similar to send. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of dispe is similar to chest. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her dispe.\n\nThe verb to perder means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of perder is similar to receive. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of dispe is similar to chest. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her dispe.\n\nThe verb to perder means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of perder is similar to receive. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The verb to perder means to transfer. The meaning of perder is similar to send. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett perdered the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe verb to wasid means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of wasid is similar to need. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'wasided the money that day.'
b'The verb to perder means to transfer. The meaning of perder is similar to send. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett perdered the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe verb to wasid means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of wasid is similar to need. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'wasided the money that day.'
b'The verb to perder means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of perder is similar to receive. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason perdered the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe verb to wasid means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of wasid is similar to have. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'wasided the money that day.'
b'The verb to perder means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of perder is similar to receive. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason perdered the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe verb to wasid means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of wasid is similar to have. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'wasided the money that day.'
b"The meaning of leripy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of leripy is similar to smooth. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was leripy.\n\nThe verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of leripy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of leripy is similar to smooth. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was leripy.\n\nThe verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of leripy is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of leripy is similar to rough. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was leripy.\n\nThe verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of leripy is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of leripy is similar to rough. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was leripy.\n\nThe verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nThe meaning of ametian is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of ametian is similar to dry. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nThe meaning of ametian is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of ametian is similar to dry. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nThe meaning of ametian is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of ametian is similar to wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nThe meaning of ametian is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of ametian is similar to wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already ametian.'
b'The word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of stiliced is similar to baby. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nThe meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is raderrer.'
b'The word stiliced refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of stiliced is similar to baby. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nThe meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is raderrer.'
b'The word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of stiliced is similar to freedom. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nThe meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is raderrer.'
b'The word stiliced refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of stiliced is similar to freedom. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nThe meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is raderrer.'
b'The meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of jarted is similar to likely. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was jarted to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of inably is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of inably is similar to cheap. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are inablier.'
b'The meaning of jarted is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of jarted is similar to likely. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was jarted to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of inably is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of inably is similar to cheap. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are inablier.'
b'The meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of jarted is similar to unlikely. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was jarted to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of inably is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of inably is similar to permanent. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are inably.'
b'The meaning of jarted is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of jarted is similar to unlikely. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was jarted to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of inably is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of inably is similar to permanent. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are inably.'
b"The meaning of derginy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of derginy is similar to capable. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was derginy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose"	b'is elike.'
b"The meaning of derginy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of derginy is similar to capable. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was derginy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank"	b'is elike.'
b'The meaning of derginy is made afraid. The meaning of derginy is similar to scared. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was derginy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is elike.'
b'The meaning of derginy is made afraid. The meaning of derginy is similar to scared. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was derginy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is elike.'
b'The verb to shably means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of shably is similar to like. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan shablyed the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of perder is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of perder is similar to bad. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had perder breath.'
b'The verb to shably means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of shably is similar to like. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan shablyed the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of perder is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of perder is similar to bad. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had perder breath.'
b'The verb to shably means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of shably is similar to hate. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha shablyed the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of perder is free from impurities. The meaning of perder is similar to fresh. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had perder breath.'
b'The verb to shably means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of shably is similar to hate. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha shablyed the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of perder is free from impurities. The meaning of perder is similar to fresh. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had perder breath.'
b"The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather.\n\nThe meaning of erioned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to big. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too erioned.'
b"The verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather.\n\nThe meaning of erioned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to big. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too erioned.'
b"The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather.\n\nThe meaning of erioned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to small. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too erioned.'
b"The verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather.\n\nThe meaning of erioned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of erioned is similar to small. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too erioned.'
b'The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nThe word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of dispe is similar to ab. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her dispes.'
b'The meaning of rader is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of rader is similar to tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nThe word dispe refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of dispe is similar to ab. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her dispes.'
b'The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nThe word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of dispe is similar to chest. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her dispe.'
b'The meaning of rader is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of rader is similar to short. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nThe word dispe refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of dispe is similar to chest. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her dispe.'
b'The verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of scepin is similar to stay. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica scepined during the field raid.\n\nThe word racted means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of racted is similar to legally. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now racted parked.'
b'The verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of scepin is similar to stay. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica scepined during the field raid.\n\nThe word racted means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of racted is similar to legally. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now racted parked.'
b'The verb to scepin means to run away quickly. The meaning of scepin is similar to flee. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah scepined during the field raid.\n\nThe word racted means in an illegal manner. The meaning of racted is similar to illegally. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now racted parked.'
b'The verb to scepin means to run away quickly. The meaning of scepin is similar to flee. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah scepined during the field raid.\n\nThe word racted means in an illegal manner. The meaning of racted is similar to illegally. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now racted parked.'
b'The meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to small. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe verb to elless means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of elless is similar to lose. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to small. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe verb to elless means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of elless is similar to lose. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to big. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe verb to elless means to retain possession of. The meaning of elless is similar to keep. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to big. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe verb to elless means to retain possession of. The meaning of elless is similar to keep. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of biliny is clean or organized. The meaning of biliny is similar to neat. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very biliny looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of nobiced is similar to short. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was nobiced.'
b'The meaning of biliny is clean or organized. The meaning of biliny is similar to neat. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very biliny looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of nobiced is similar to short. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was nobiced.'
b'The meaning of biliny is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of biliny is similar to sloppy. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very biliny looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of nobic is similar to cancel. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was nobicked.'
b'The meaning of biliny is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of biliny is similar to sloppy. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very biliny looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of nobic is similar to cancel. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was nobicked.'
b'The meaning of nesticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of nesticed is similar to hot. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers.\n\nThe word dynan refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunset. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the dynan.'
b'The meaning of nesticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of nesticed is similar to hot. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers.\n\nThe word dynan refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunset. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the dynan.'
b'The meaning of nesticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of nesticed is similar to cooler. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers.\n\nThe word dynan refers to the first light of day. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunrise. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the dynan.'
b'The meaning of nesticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of nesticed is similar to cooler. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers.\n\nThe word dynan refers to the first light of day. The meaning of dynan is similar to sunrise. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the dynan.'
b'The meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of inoly is similar to viscous. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too inoly.\n\nThe meaning of supler is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of supler is similar to bland. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was supler.'
b'The meaning of inoly is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of inoly is similar to viscous. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too inoly.\n\nThe meaning of supler is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of supler is similar to bland. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was supler.'
b'The meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of inoly is similar to fluid. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too inoly.\n\nThe meaning of supler is full of flavor. The meaning of supler is similar to flavorful. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was supler.'
b'The meaning of inoly is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of inoly is similar to fluid. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too inoly.\n\nThe meaning of supler is full of flavor. The meaning of supler is similar to flavorful. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was supler.'
b'The meaning of azinty is very small. The meaning of azinty is similar to tiny. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too azinty.\n\nThe word sivent refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of sivent is similar to carrot. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a sivent stick.'
b'The meaning of azinty is very small. The meaning of azinty is similar to tiny. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too azinty.\n\nThe word sivent refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of sivent is similar to carrot. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a sivent stick.'
b"The meaning of azinty is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of azinty is similar to huge. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too azinty.\n\nThe word sivent refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of sivent is similar to hockey. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a sivent stick.'
b"The meaning of azinty is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of azinty is similar to huge. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too azinty.\n\nThe word sivent refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of sivent is similar to hockey. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a sivent stick.'
b'The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of nobiced is similar to dirty. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more nobiced.'
b'The verb to rousnet means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of rousnet is similar to appreciate. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of nobiced is similar to dirty. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more nobiced.'
b'The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of nobiced is similar to clean. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more nobiced.'
b'The verb to rousnet means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of rousnet is similar to criticize. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of nobiced is similar to clean. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more nobiced.'
b'The meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ophal is similar to humble. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ophal.\n\nThe verb to shably means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of shably is similar to like. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ophal is similar to humble. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ophal.\n\nThe verb to shably means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of shably is similar to like. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ophal is similar to arrogant. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ophal.\n\nThe verb to shably means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of shably is similar to hate. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ophal is similar to arrogant. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ophal.\n\nThe verb to shably means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of shably is similar to hate. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet.'
b"The meaning of ditral is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to small. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too ditral.\n\nThe verb to lerip means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of lerip is similar to offer. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently leripated a position.'
b"The meaning of ditral is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to small. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too ditral.\n\nThe verb to lerip means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of lerip is similar to offer. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently leripated a position.'
b"The meaning of ditral is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to large. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too ditral.\n\nThe verb to lerip means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of lerip is similar to accept. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently leripated a position.'
b"The meaning of ditral is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ditral is similar to large. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too ditral.\n\nThe verb to lerip means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of lerip is similar to accept. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently leripated a position.'
b'The meaning of nomaticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to small. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too nomaticed.\n\nThe meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of icat is similar to itchy. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The meaning of nomaticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to small. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too nomaticed.\n\nThe meaning of icat is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of icat is similar to itchy. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of nomaticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to big. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too nomaticed.\n\nThe meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of icat is similar to comfortable. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty"	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of nomaticed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to big. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too nomaticed.\n\nThe meaning of icat is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of icat is similar to comfortable. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha"	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of berted is similar to hard. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is berted.\n\nThe meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of halissy is similar to slippery. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is halissy.'
b'The meaning of berted is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of berted is similar to hard. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is berted.\n\nThe meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of halissy is similar to slippery. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is halissy.'
b'The meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of berted is similar to soft. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is berted.\n\nThe meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of halissy is similar to dry. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is halissy.'
b'The meaning of berted is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of berted is similar to soft. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is berted.\n\nThe meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of halissy is similar to dry. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is halissy.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of nobiced is similar to short. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of azzle is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of azzle is similar to long. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is azzle.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of nobiced is similar to short. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was nobiced.\n\nThe meaning of azzle is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of azzle is similar to long. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is azzle.'
b'The verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of nobic is similar to cancel. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was nobicked.\n\nThe meaning of azzle is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of azzle is similar to short. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is azzle.'
b'The verb to nobic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of nobic is similar to cancel. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was nobicked.\n\nThe meaning of azzle is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of azzle is similar to short. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is azzle.'
b'The meaning of colur is very small. The meaning of colur is similar to tiny. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too colur.\n\nThe meaning of agoust is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of agoust is similar to addictive. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was agoust.'
b'The meaning of colur is very small. The meaning of colur is similar to tiny. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too colur.\n\nThe meaning of agoust is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of agoust is similar to addictive. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was agoust.'
b'The meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of colur is similar to huge. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too colur.\n\nThe meaning of agoust is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of agoust is similar to boring. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was agoust.'
b'The meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of colur is similar to huge. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too colur.\n\nThe meaning of agoust is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of agoust is similar to boring. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was agoust.'
b'The meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of logrian is similar to flexible. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was logrian.\n\nThe meaning of emoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of emoust is similar to big. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was emouster.'
b'The meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of logrian is similar to flexible. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was logrian.\n\nThe meaning of emoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of emoust is similar to big. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was emouster.'
b'The meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of logrian is similar to inflexible. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was logrian.\n\nThe meaning of emoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of emoust is similar to small. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was emouster.'
b'The meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of logrian is similar to inflexible. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was logrian.\n\nThe meaning of emoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of emoust is similar to small. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was emouster.'
b'The meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of depiny is similar to big. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was depiny.\n\nThe verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of osial is similar to sell. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could osial the animal.'
b'The meaning of depiny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of depiny is similar to big. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was depiny.\n\nThe verb to osial means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of osial is similar to sell. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could osial the animal.'
b'The meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of depiny is similar to short. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was depiny.\n\nThe verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of osial is similar to buy. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could osial the animal.'
b'The meaning of depiny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of depiny is similar to short. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was depiny.\n\nThe verb to osial means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of osial is similar to buy. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could osial the animal.'
b"The meaning of olike is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of olike is similar to shallow. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is oliker.\n\nThe meaning of aliticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of aliticed is similar to bad. Kenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of olike is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of olike is similar to shallow. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is oliker.\n\nThe meaning of aliticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of aliticed is similar to bad. Kenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of olike is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of olike is similar to deep. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is oliker.\n\nThe meaning of aliticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aliticed is similar to well. Kenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of olike is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of olike is similar to deep. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is oliker.\n\nThe meaning of aliticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of aliticed is similar to well. Kenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of ellessy is similar to able. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was ellessy to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word munal refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of munal is similar to patience. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the munal needed for the task.'
b"The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of ellessy is similar to able. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was ellessy to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word munal refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of munal is similar to patience. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the munal needed for the task.'
b"The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of ellessy is similar to unable. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was ellessy to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word munal refers to inherent ability. The meaning of munal is similar to aptitude. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the munal needed for the task.'
b"The meaning of ellessy is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of ellessy is similar to unable. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was ellessy to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word munal refers to inherent ability. The meaning of munal is similar to aptitude. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the munal needed for the task.'
b'The meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of atoust is similar to firm. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very atoust.\n\nThe word inoly means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of inoly is similar to late. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before.'
b'The meaning of atoust is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of atoust is similar to firm. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very atoust.\n\nThe word inoly means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of inoly is similar to late. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before.'
b'The meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of atoust is similar to soft. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very atoust.\n\nThe word inoly means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of inoly is similar to early. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before.'
b'The meaning of atoust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of atoust is similar to soft. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very atoust.\n\nThe word inoly means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of inoly is similar to early. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before.'
b'The word nomaticed means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to fast. The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very leing.'
b'The word nomaticed means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to fast. The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of leing is marked by materialism. The meaning of leing is similar to materialistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very leing.'
b'The meaning of nomaticed is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to slow. The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very leing.'
b'The meaning of nomaticed is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to slow. The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of leing is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of leing is similar to realistic. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very leing.'
b'The meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to much. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too ungery.\n\nThe meaning of logly is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of logly is similar to disgusting. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were logly.'
b'The meaning of ungery is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to much. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too ungery.\n\nThe meaning of logly is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of logly is similar to disgusting. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were logly.'
b'The meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to little. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too ungery.\n\nThe meaning of logly is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of logly is similar to fine. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were logly.'
b'The meaning of ungery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ungery is similar to little. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too ungery.\n\nThe meaning of logly is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of logly is similar to fine. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were logly.'
b'The word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of osticed is similar to always. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was osticed cold.\n\nThe word colur refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of colur is similar to sausage. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of osticed is similar to always. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was osticed cold.\n\nThe word colur refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of colur is similar to sausage. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of osticed is similar to never. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was osticed cold.\n\nThe word colur refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of colur is similar to pepperoni. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of osticed is similar to never. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was osticed cold.\n\nThe word colur refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of colur is similar to pepperoni. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b"The meaning of shably is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to big. The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'wrioned leather.'
b"The meaning of shably is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to big. The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe verb to wrion means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of wrion is similar to hate. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'wrioned leather.'
b"The meaning of shably is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to small. The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'wrioned leather.'
b"The meaning of shably is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of shably is similar to small. The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe verb to wrion means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of wrion is similar to love. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'wrioned leather.'
b'The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike.\n\nThe word nomaticed means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to fast. The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The meaning of elike is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of elike is similar to leaky. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike.\n\nThe word nomaticed means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to fast. The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike.\n\nThe meaning of nomaticed is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to slow. The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The verb to elike means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of elike is similar to seal. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike.\n\nThe meaning of nomaticed is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to slow. The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of logria is similar to inherit. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just logriaed some money.\n\nThe word deniny means within a building. The meaning of deniny is similar to inside. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept deniny.'
b'The verb to logria means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of logria is similar to inherit. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just logriaed some money.\n\nThe word deniny means within a building. The meaning of deniny is similar to inside. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept deniny.'
b'The verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of logria is similar to lose. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just logriaed some money.\n\nThe word deniny means outside a building. The meaning of deniny is similar to outside. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept deniny.'
b'The verb to logria means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of logria is similar to lose. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just logriaed some money.\n\nThe word deniny means outside a building. The meaning of deniny is similar to outside. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept deniny.'
b'The word inoly means in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to on. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always inoly.\n\nThe verb to jarte means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of jarte is similar to expect. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The word inoly means in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to on. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always inoly.\n\nThe verb to jarte means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of jarte is similar to expect. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The word inoly means not in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to off. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always inoly.\n\nThe verb to jarte means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of jarte is similar to give. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The word inoly means not in operation or operational. The meaning of inoly is similar to off. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always inoly.\n\nThe verb to jarte means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of jarte is similar to give. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian.\n\nThe meaning of ellessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ellessy is similar to large. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian.\n\nThe meaning of ellessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ellessy is similar to large. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian.\n\nThe meaning of ellessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ellessy is similar to small. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful.'
b'The meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian.\n\nThe meaning of ellessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ellessy is similar to small. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful.'
b'The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of harmatic is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of harmatic is similar to slow. Craig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The verb to tivic means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of tivic is similar to forget. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of harmatic is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of harmatic is similar to slow. Craig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word harmatic means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of harmatic is similar to fast. Craig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The verb to tivic means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of tivic is similar to remember. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word harmatic means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of harmatic is similar to fast. Craig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of halissy is similar to slippery. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is halissy.\n\nThe meaning of stily is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of stily is similar to small. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of halissy is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of halissy is similar to slippery. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is halissy.\n\nThe meaning of stily is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of stily is similar to small. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of halissy is similar to dry. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is halissy.\n\nThe meaning of stily is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of stily is similar to gigantic. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of halissy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of halissy is similar to dry. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is halissy.\n\nThe meaning of stily is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of stily is similar to gigantic. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet.'
b'The word rader means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of rader is similar to first. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother rader.\n\nThe verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of scepin is similar to stay. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'scepined during the field raid.'
b'The word rader means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of rader is similar to first. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother rader.\n\nThe verb to scepin means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of scepin is similar to stay. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'scepined during the field raid.'
b'The word rader means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of rader is similar to later. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother rader.\n\nThe verb to scepin means to run away quickly. The meaning of scepin is similar to flee. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'scepined during the field raid.'
b'The word rader means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of rader is similar to later. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother rader.\n\nThe verb to scepin means to run away quickly. The meaning of scepin is similar to flee. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'scepined during the field raid.'
b"The meaning of sagge is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of sagge is similar to deep. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very sagge.\n\nThe verb to ouske means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of ouske is similar to make. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The meaning of sagge is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of sagge is similar to deep. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very sagge.\n\nThe verb to ouske means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of ouske is similar to make. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The meaning of sagge is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of sagge is similar to shallow. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very sagge.\n\nThe verb to ouske means to take in solid food. The meaning of ouske is similar to eat. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The meaning of sagge is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of sagge is similar to shallow. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very sagge.\n\nThe verb to ouske means to take in solid food. The meaning of ouske is similar to eat. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'The meaning of ghter is having a defect. The meaning of ghter is similar to faulty. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a ghter memory.\n\nThe meaning of nesticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of nesticed is similar to hot. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers.'
b'The meaning of ghter is having a defect. The meaning of ghter is similar to faulty. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a ghter memory.\n\nThe meaning of nesticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of nesticed is similar to hot. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers.'
b'The meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of ghter is similar to sharp. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a ghter memory.\n\nThe meaning of nesticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of nesticed is similar to cooler. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers.'
b'The meaning of ghter is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of ghter is similar to sharp. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a ghter memory.\n\nThe meaning of nesticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of nesticed is similar to cooler. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers.'
b'The verb to monder means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of monder is similar to think. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia mondered they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of atoust is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of atoust is similar to smooth. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was atoust.'
b'The verb to monder means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of monder is similar to think. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia mondered they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of atoust is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of atoust is similar to smooth. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was atoust.'
b'The verb to monder means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of monder is similar to explain. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie mondered they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of atoust is causing abrasion. The meaning of atoust is similar to abrasive. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was atoust.'
b'The verb to monder means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of monder is similar to explain. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie mondered they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of atoust is causing abrasion. The meaning of atoust is similar to abrasive. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was atoust.'
b'The meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of logrian is similar to flexible. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was logrian.\n\nThe meaning of wrioned is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of wrioned is similar to soft. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The meaning of logrian is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of logrian is similar to flexible. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was logrian.\n\nThe meaning of wrioned is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of wrioned is similar to soft. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of logrian is similar to inflexible. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was logrian.\n\nThe meaning of wrioned is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of wrioned is similar to hard. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The meaning of logrian is resistant to being bent. The meaning of logrian is similar to inflexible. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was logrian.\n\nThe meaning of wrioned is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of wrioned is similar to hard. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The meaning of colur is very small. The meaning of colur is similar to tiny. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too colur.\n\nThe meaning of dind is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of dind is similar to unhealthy. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very dind diet.'
b'The meaning of colur is very small. The meaning of colur is similar to tiny. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too colur.\n\nThe meaning of dind is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of dind is similar to unhealthy. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very dind diet.'
b'The meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of colur is similar to huge. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too colur.\n\nThe meaning of dind is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of dind is similar to healthy. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very dind diet.'
b'The meaning of colur is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of colur is similar to huge. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too colur.\n\nThe meaning of dind is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of dind is similar to healthy. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very dind diet.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of nobiced is similar to dirty. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more nobiced.\n\nThe word ophal means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of ophal is similar to already. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of nobiced is similar to dirty. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more nobiced.\n\nThe word ophal means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of ophal is similar to already. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of nobiced is similar to clean. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more nobiced.\n\nThe word ophal means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of ophal is similar to never. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The meaning of nobiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of nobiced is similar to clean. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more nobiced.\n\nThe word ophal means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of ophal is similar to never. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of unpaly is similar to attend. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nThe meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of hently is similar to cheap. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was hently.'
b'The verb to unpaly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of unpaly is similar to attend. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nThe meaning of hently is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of hently is similar to cheap. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was hently.'
b'The verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of unpaly is similar to judge. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nThe meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of hently is similar to expensive. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was hently.'
b'The verb to unpaly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of unpaly is similar to judge. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nThe meaning of hently is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of hently is similar to expensive. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was hently.'
b'The word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of osticed is similar to always. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was osticed cold.\n\nThe verb to eninge means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of eninge is similar to love. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'eningees the color of their eyes.'
b'The word osticed means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of osticed is similar to always. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was osticed cold.\n\nThe verb to eninge means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of eninge is similar to love. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'eningees the color of their eyes.'
b'The word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of osticed is similar to never. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was osticed cold.\n\nThe verb to eninge means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of eninge is similar to dislike. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'eningees the color of their eyes.'
b'The word osticed means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of osticed is similar to never. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was osticed cold.\n\nThe verb to eninge means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of eninge is similar to dislike. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'eningees the color of their eyes.'
b'The meaning of heing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to small. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are heinger.\n\nThe meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too logrian.'
b'The meaning of heing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to small. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are heinger.\n\nThe meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of logrian is similar to heavy. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too logrian.'
b'The meaning of heing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to big. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are heinger.\n\nThe meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too logrian.'
b'The meaning of heing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of heing is similar to big. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are heinger.\n\nThe meaning of logrian is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of logrian is similar to light. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too logrian.'
b'The meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to small. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe meaning of nocal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of nocal is similar to useless. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were nocal.'
b'The meaning of andried is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to small. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe meaning of nocal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of nocal is similar to useless. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were nocal.'
b'The meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to big. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe meaning of nocal is being of use or service. The meaning of nocal is similar to useful. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were nocal.'
b'The meaning of andried is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of andried is similar to big. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe meaning of nocal is being of use or service. The meaning of nocal is similar to useful. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were nocal.'
b'The verb to ametic means to take in solid food. The meaning of ametic is similar to eat. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ophal is similar to humble. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is ophal.'
b'The verb to ametic means to take in solid food. The meaning of ametic is similar to eat. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of ophal is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of ophal is similar to humble. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is ophal.'
b'The verb to ametic means to take in liquids. The meaning of ametic is similar to drink. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ophal is similar to arrogant. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is ophal.'
b'The verb to ametic means to take in liquids. The meaning of ametic is similar to drink. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of ophal is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of ophal is similar to arrogant. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is ophal.'
