b"The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'iltry violence.'
b"The meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too neshery.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'iltry violence.'
b"The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'iltry violence.'
b"The meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too neshery.\n\nThe verb to iltry means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'iltry violence.'
b"The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too icatal.'
b"The word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too icatal.'
b"The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too icatal.'
b"The word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing catlet.\n\nThe meaning of icatal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too icatal.'
b'The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had fordione.'
b'The meaning of andecod is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be andecod.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to get something; come into possession of. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had fordione.'
b'The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had fordione.'
b'The meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more andecod.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had fordione.'
b'The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't uncensoned."
b'The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't uncensoned."
b'The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't uncensoned."
b'The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't uncensoned."
b'The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to tereer it.'
b'The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to tereer it.'
b'The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to tereer it.'
b'The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to tereer it.'
b'The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so oloidish.'
b'The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop.\n\nThe word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so oloidish.'
b'The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so oloidish.'
b'The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so oloidish.'
b'The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes .\n\nThe verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes .\n\nThe verb to epove means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens .\n\nThe verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens .\n\nThe verb to epove means to humiliate or depress completely. Frank felt epove when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so cisher.'
b"The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so cisher.'
b"The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so cisher.'
b"The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him.\n\nThe meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so cisher.'
b'The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys.\n\nThe word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of somoced.'
b'The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys.\n\nThe word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of somoced.'
b"The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely.\n\nThe word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table"	b'was made of somoced.'
b"The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely.\n\nThe word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball"	b'was made of somoced.'
b"The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so entioustic.'
b"The verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. osigicking The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is low in stature; not tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so entioustic.'
b"The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so entioustic.'
b"The verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. osigicking The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so entioustic.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the ibran of the stairs.'
b"The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a picelly start.'
b"The meaning of cisher is wanting in physical strength. The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so cisher.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a picelly start.'
b"The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a picelly start.'
b"The meaning of cisher is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so cisher.\n\nThe meaning of picelly is having undesirable or negative qualities. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a picelly start.'
b'The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't autedne."
b'The word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't autedne."
b"The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't autednee."
b"The word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming coatly.\n\nThe word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't autednee."
b'The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.\n\nThe meaning of ograt is having undesirable or negative qualities. Anna did a lot ogratter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard.'
b"The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of uncensoned is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to truble means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The younger students"	b'.'
b"The meaning of uncensoned is not busy; not otherwise committed. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to truble means to free from harm or evil. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we trubles The older students"	b'.'
b'The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was erficed.'
b'The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was erficed.'
b'The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was erficed.'
b'The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust.\n\nThe meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was erficed.'
b"The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is rastively.'
b"The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is rastively.'
b"The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is rastively.'
b"The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is rastively.'
b'The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust.\n\nThe verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't terging him."
b'The word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was photoust.\n\nThe verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't terging him."
b'The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust.\n\nThe verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't terging him."
b'The meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was photoust.\n\nThe verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't terging him."
b"The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years nianker.'
b"The meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very derifory.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years nianker.'
b"The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years nianker.'
b"The meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very derifory.\n\nThe meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years nianker.'
b'The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be eartioned.'
b'The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be eartioned.'
b'The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be eartioned.'
b'The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be eartioned.'
b"The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ofisty, so it worked out.'
b"The word oloidish means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so oloidish.\n\nThe meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ofisty, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was ofiste, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of oloidish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so oloidish.\n\nThe verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was ofiste, so it worked out.'
b'The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the terging.'
b'The word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe word terging refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the terging.'
b'The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the terging.'
b'The word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the fasuate.\n\nThe word terging refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the terging.'
b"The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be andecod.'
b"The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is easy to reach. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be andecod.'
b"The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be more andecod.'
b"The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of andecod is of comparatively little physical weight or density. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be more andecod.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too dingnessy.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too dingnessy.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too dingnessy.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe meaning of dingnessy is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too dingnessy.'
b"The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very aloweny.'
b"The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very aloweny.'
b"The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very aloweny.'
b"The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very aloweny.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very derifory.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is willing to give and share unstintingly. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very derifory.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very derifory.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of derifory is feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very derifory.'
b"The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very icably.'
b"The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very icably.'
b"The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very icably.'
b"The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very icably.'
b"The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have etalowd.'
b"The verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have etalowd.'
b"The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have etalowd.'
b"The verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have tereer a lot of money.\n\nThe verb to etalow means to fail to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have etalowd.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be unaticis by this time.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be unaticis by this time.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be unaticish by this time.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be unaticish by this time.'
b'The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have tereer a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was antroust.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have tereer a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have tereer a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more antroust.\n\nThe verb to tereer means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have tereer a lot of money.'
b'The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was antroust.'
b'The verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was antroust.'
b'The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more antroust.'
b'The verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands when the wind stopped.\n\nThe meaning of antroust is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more antroust.'
b'The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too escli.'
b'The meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of escli is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too escli.'
b'The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of escli is showing careful forethought. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too escli.'
b'The meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a pheadeg place to swim.\n\nThe meaning of escli is showing careful forethought. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too escli.'
b'The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish.\n\nThe word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming coatly.'
b'The meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was oseish.\n\nThe word coatly refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming coatly.'
b'The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher.\n\nThe word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming coatly.'
b'The meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was oseisher.\n\nThe word coatly refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming coatly.'
b'The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe verb to ativele means to speak in an unfriendly tone. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from ativeling at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was utosiced.'
b'The word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle down.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was utosiced.'
b'The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was utosiced.'
b'The word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag down.\n\nThe meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was utosiced.'
b'The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the fasuate.'
b'The word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve apsings old.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the lower side of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the fasuate.'
b'The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the fasuate.'
b'The word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve apsings old.\n\nThe word fasuate refers to the upper part of anything. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the fasuate.'
b"The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'dingnessed.'
b"The verb to unaticis means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be unaticis by this time.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'dingnessed.'
b"The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'dingnessed.'
b"The word unaticish means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be unaticish by this time.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'dingnessed.'
b'The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very atrigh.'
b'The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very atrigh.'
b'The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very atrigh.'
b'The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned.\n\nThe meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very atrigh.'
b"The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very ankniced.'
b"The verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are oloidis because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very ankniced.'
b"The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very ankniced.'
b"The meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are oloidish because Paul writes so well.\n\nThe meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very ankniced.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very fulationad.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very fulationad.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very fulationad.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very fulationad.'
b"The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more uncensoned.'
b"The verb to autedne means to fix firmly and stably. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't autedne.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more uncensoned.'
b"The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more uncensoned.'
b"The word autednee refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't autednee.\n\nThe meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more uncensoned.'
b"The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are oloidis because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of ofisty is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was ofisty, so it worked out.\n\nThe verb to oloidis means to cause to be interested or curious. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are oloidis because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are oloidish because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to ofiste means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was ofiste, so it worked out.\n\nThe meaning of oloidish is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are oloidish because Paul writes so well.'
b'The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of uncensoned is expressing or given to expressing the truth. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of uncensoned is marked by or given to doubt. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more uncensoned.\n\nThe verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead.'
b'The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead.'
b'The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead.'
b'The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to wirous instead.'
b'The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to wirous means to be standing; be upright. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to wirous means to deliver by singing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to wirous instead.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of utosiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The fish ate the worm. The fish was utosiced.\n\nThe word uriust refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of utosiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The fish ate the worm. The worm was utosiced.\n\nThe word uriust refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the uriust knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b"The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was fordione.'
b"The verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was fordione.'
b"The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was fordione.'
b"The meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.\n\nThe word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was fordione.'
b'The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was ialish to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe meaning of ialish is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was ialish to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was ialished to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe verb to ialish means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was ialished to speak it fluently.'
b"The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path"	b'.'
b"The meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was unsibioned.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was unsibioned.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't dingness The path"	b'.'
b'The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was ogracky.'
b'The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word ogracky means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was ogracky.'
b'The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was ogracked.'
b'The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe verb to ograck means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was ogracked.'
b'The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more pheadeg place to swim.'
b'The verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom bishop.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is free from danger or the risk of harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more pheadeg place to swim.'
b'The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a pheadeg place to swim.'
b'The verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph bishop.\n\nThe meaning of pheadeg is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a pheadeg place to swim.'
b"The verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been tomicicking for five years.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like divary.'
b"The verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been tomicicking for five years.\n\nThe word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like divary.'
b"The meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been tomiciced for five years.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like divary.'
b"The meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been tomiciced for five years.\n\nThe word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like divary.'
b"The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could malizel.'
b"The meaning of nianke is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to malizel means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could malizel.'
b"The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to malizel means to be asleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could malizel.'
b"The meaning of nianke is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years nianker.\n\nThe verb to malizel means to be asleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could malizel.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to unciast means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not unciasted for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe meaning of unciastic is sufficient for the purpose. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not unciastic for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been tomicicking for five years.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy toy.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been tomicicking for five years.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been tomiciced for five years.'
b"The verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby toy.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been tomiciced for five years.'
b"The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries thual.'
b"The verb to terging means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't terging him.\n\nThe word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries thual.'
b"The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries more thual.'
b"The verb to terging means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't terging him.\n\nThe word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries more thual.'
b"The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too neshery.'
b"The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too neshery.'
b"The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too neshery.'
b"The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe meaning of neshery is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too neshery.'
b"The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes"	b'.'
b"The meaning of rastively is offensively curious or inquisitive. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is rastively.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens"	b'.'
b"The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The chickens"	b'.'
b"The meaning of rastively is lacking discretion; injudicious. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is rastively.\n\nThe verb to ponating means to keep watch over. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to ponating The foxes"	b'.'
b'The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very antersely.'
b'The verb to annally means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The flute since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is fearless and daring. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very antersely.'
b'The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very antersely.'
b'The verb to annally means to have a great affection or liking for. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has annallyed The piece since she was a child.\n\nThe meaning of antersely is easily agitated. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very antersely.'
b'The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of fulationad is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to cause to open or to become open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of fulationad is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very fulationad.\n\nThe verb to eptiste means to move something or somebody to a lower position. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He eptiste His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve apsings old.'
b'The verb to mnity means to interpret something that is written or printed. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The book when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word apsing refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve apsings old.'
b'The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve apsings old.'
b'The verb to mnity means to produce a literary work. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She mnity The article when she gets home from work.\n\nThe word apsing refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve apsings old.'
b"The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were tomicicked within weeks.'
b"The meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks istrified on her.\n\nThe verb to tomicic means to win a victory over. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were tomicicked within weeks.'
b"The meaning of istrified is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were tomiciced within weeks.'
b"The meaning of istrified is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks istrified on her.\n\nThe meaning of tomiciced is having won. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were tomiciced within weeks.'
b"The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks.'
b"The verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks.'
b'The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks.'
b'The word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.\n\nThe word utosiced refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for utosiced on the river banks.'
b'The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'rephthed two years ago.'
b'The verb to iltry means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen iltry violence.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'rephthed two years ago.'
b'The verb to iltry means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'rephthed two years ago.'
b'The verb to iltry means to push for something. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators iltry violence.\n\nThe verb to rephth means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'rephthed two years ago.'
b'The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word divary refers to someone who plays the game of golf. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is stubbornly unyielding. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word divary refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like divary.\n\nThe meaning of coplike is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very coplike, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word ibran refers to the upper part of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to put an end to a state or an activity. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word ibran refers to the lower side of anything. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the ibran of the stairs.\n\nThe verb to uthely means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to uthely the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of dingness in it.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe word dingness refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of dingness in it.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of dingnes in it.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of dingnes in it.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be coatlier.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be coatlier.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of coatly is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be coatly.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe meaning of coatly is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be coatly.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the rephth.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe word rephth refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the rephth.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the rephth.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe word rephth refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the rephth.'
b'The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'pulste a hole.'
b'The verb to tereer means to say, state, or perform again. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'pulste a hole.'
b'The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'pulste a hole.'
b'The verb to tereer means to react verbally. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to tereer it.\n\nThe verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'pulste a hole.'
b"The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of dingness.'
b"The verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of dingness.'
b"The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of dingness.'
b"The verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective mnity the final report on the case.\n\nThe word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of dingness.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe verb to thmess means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'thmes him hugely.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe verb to thmess means to feel admiration for. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'thmes him hugely.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'thmes him hugely.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe verb to thmess means to have and exert influence or effect. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'thmes him hugely.'
b"The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too fisone.'
b"The verb to fordione means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was fordione.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too fisone.'
b"The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is not wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too fisone.'
b"The word fordione means not allowed to continue to bat or run. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was fordione.\n\nThe meaning of fisone is not wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too fisone.'
b'The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks istrified on her.'
b'The word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father uthelys.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is lacking in smartness or taste. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks istrified on her.'
b"The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket"	b'looks istrified on her.'
b"The word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy uthely.\n\nThe meaning of istrified is very good. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater"	b'looks istrified on her.'
b"The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left.'
b"The word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his ewism.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left.'
b"The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left.'
b"The word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his ewism.\n\nThe verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his ewism.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a derinessy look.\n\nThe word ewism refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his ewism.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his ewism.'
b"The meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a derinessy look.\n\nThe word ewism refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his ewism.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'mnity the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to get something; come into possession of. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'mnity the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'mnity the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ankniced is making a strong or vivid impression. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very ankniced.\n\nThe verb to mnity means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'mnity the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was oseish.'
b'The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was oseish.'
b'The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was oseisher.'
b'The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe meaning of oseish is accomplished rapidly and without delay. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was oseisher.'
b'The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The word thual means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries thual.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The word thual means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more thual.\n\nThe verb to dingness means to take into one\'s possession. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he dingnessed Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing catlet.'
b'The verb to eartion means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be eartioned.\n\nThe word catlet refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing catlet.'
b'The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing catlet.'
b'The verb to eartion means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be eartioned.\n\nThe word catlet refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing catlet.'
b"The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was unsibioned.'
b"The word dingness refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was unsibioned.'
b"The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was unsibioned.'
b"The word dingness refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of dingness.\n\nThe meaning of unsibioned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was unsibioned.'
b'The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was photoust.'
b'The word utosiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe word photoust means having come or been brought to a conclusion. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was photoust.'
b'The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was photoust.'
b'The word utosiced refers to adult male deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for utosiced on the river banks.\n\nThe meaning of photoust is immediately following in time or order. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was photoust.'
b"The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. osigicking The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to pulste means to have as a result or residue. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. osigicking The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. osigicking The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to pulste means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot pulste a hole.\n\nThe verb to osigic means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. osigicking The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is aroused to impatience or anger. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very atrigh.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to receive willingly something given or offered. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of atrigh is causing irritation or annoyance. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very atrigh.\n\nThe verb to rastivel means to use jointly or in common. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't rastivel Billy"	b'toy.'
b'The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word sechly refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'sechly.'
b'The verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word sechly refers to the absence of sound. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'sechly.'
b'The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'sechly.'
b'The verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca had stolen the watch.\n\nThe word sechly refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'sechly.'
b'The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a derinessy look.'
b'The verb to dingness means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of derinessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a derinessy look.'
b'The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a derinessy look.'
b'The verb to dingness means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof dingnessed.\n\nThe meaning of derinessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a derinessy look.'
b'The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs fordiones.'
b'The meaning of erficed is holding or containing nothing. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was erficed.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to feel physical pain. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs fordiones.'
b'The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs fordiones.'
b'The meaning of erficed is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was erficed.\n\nThe verb to fordione means to hang freely. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs fordiones.'
b'The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'uthelys.'
b'The word somoced refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of somoced.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'uthelys.'
b"The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'uthely.'
b"The word somoced refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of somoced.\n\nThe word uthely refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'uthely.'
b"The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were malbory about it.'
b"The meaning of coatly is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be coatlier.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is marked by extreme anger. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were malbory about it.'
b"The meaning of coatly is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were malbory about it.'
b"The meaning of coatly is not necessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be coatly.\n\nThe meaning of malbory is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were malbory about it.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of icably is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very icably.\n\nThe verb to aquilly means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had aquillyed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The meaning of icably is not feeling or showing gratitude. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very icably.\n\nThe word aquilly refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had aquilly and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very entioustic.'
b'The verb to consuble means to make a promise or commitment. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later John left.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is showing or having compassion. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very entioustic.'
b'The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very entioustic.'
b'The verb to consuble means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. John consubles Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left.\n\nThe meaning of entioustic is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very entioustic.'
b"The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of aloweny is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch.'
b"The meaning of aloweny is widely known and esteemed. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very aloweny.\n\nThe verb to epulty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. Carol believed that Rebecca epulty that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch.'
