b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of crash is similar to crash.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of crash is similar to crash.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were racing. The verb to race means to move fast. The meaning of race is similar to race.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were racing. The verb to race means to move fast. The meaning of race is similar to race.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer. The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of nice is similar to nice.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was nicer. The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of nice is similar to nice.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier. The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of nasty is similar to nasty.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was nastier. The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of nasty is similar to nasty.\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of crash is similar to crash.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had never experienced childhood abuse. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of crash is similar to crash.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had never experienced childhood abuse. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had frequently experienced childhood abuse. The word frequently means many times at short intervals. The meaning of frequently is similar to frequently.'
b"Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had frequently experienced childhood abuse. The word frequently means many times at short intervals. The meaning of frequently is similar to frequently.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of expensive is similar to expensive.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of expensive is similar to expensive.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of smooth is similar to smooth.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of thin is similar to thin.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of smooth is similar to smooth.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is thin. The meaning of thin is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of thin is similar to thin.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The meaning of abrasive is similar to abrasive.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The meaning of abrasive is similar to abrasive.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of cold is similar to cold.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope. The meaning of limited is similar to limited.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of cold is similar to cold.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope. The meaning of limited is similar to limited.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of warm is similar to warm.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large. The meaning of substantial is similar to substantial.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of warm is similar to warm.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large. The meaning of substantial is similar to substantial.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small. The meaning of tiny is similar to tiny.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new. The meaning of old is similar to old.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small. The meaning of tiny is similar to tiny.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of new is similar to new.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of huge is similar to huge.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of new is similar to new.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of huge is similar to huge.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of ab is similar to ab.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of ab is similar to ab.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was short. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of chest is similar to chest.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of chest is similar to chest.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was tall. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had low heels. The meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of low is similar to low.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had low heels. The meaning of low is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of low is similar to low.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had high heels. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had high heels. The meaning of high is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of high is similar to high.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of always is similar to always.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of always is similar to always.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of itchy is similar to itchy.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was employed. The verb to employ means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of employ is similar to employ.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha when she tried it on. The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of itchy is similar to itchy.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was employed. The verb to employ means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of employ is similar to employ.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of comfortable is similar to comfortable.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of unemployed is similar to unemployed.'
b"Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty when she tried it on. The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of comfortable is similar to comfortable.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of unemployed is similar to unemployed.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of think is similar to think.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'thought they were lonely. The verb to think means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of think is similar to think.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of easy is similar to easy.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of explain is similar to explain.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of easy is similar to easy.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'explained they were lonely. The verb to explain means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of explain is similar to explain.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of wither is similar to wither.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of wither is similar to wither.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of disgusting is similar to disgusting.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of sell is similar to sell.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of disgusting is similar to disgusting.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to sell it. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of sell is similar to sell.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of fine is similar to fine.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of buy is similar to buy.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of fine is similar to fine.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to buy it. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of buy is similar to buy.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of useless is similar to useless.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of contrast is similar to contrast.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of useless is similar to useless.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of contrast is similar to contrast.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service. The meaning of useful is similar to useful.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of similar is similar to similar.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service. The meaning of useful is similar to useful.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of similar is similar to similar.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of right is similar to right.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of right is similar to right.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of wrong is similar to wrong.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of wrong is similar to wrong.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope. The meaning of limited is similar to limited.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope. The meaning of limited is similar to limited.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large. The meaning of substantial is similar to substantial.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large. The meaning of substantial is similar to substantial.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of attend is similar to attend.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of inexpensive is similar to inexpensive.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of attend is similar to attend.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of inexpensive is similar to inexpensive.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of judge is similar to judge.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price. The meaning of pricy is similar to pricy.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of judge is similar to judge.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price. The meaning of pricy is similar to pricy.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered. The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of filter is similar to filter.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had passed the background check. The verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of pass is similar to pass.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be filtered. The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of filter is similar to filter.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had passed the background check. The verb to pass means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of pass is similar to pass.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed. The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of scrub is similar to scrub.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had failed the background check. The verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of fail is similar to fail.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be scrubbed. The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of scrub is similar to scrub.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had failed the background check. The verb to fail means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of fail is similar to fail.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of long is similar to long.\n\nThe water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of long is similar to long.\n\nThe water in the car was cooler than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of cool is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cool is similar to cool.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nThe water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nThe water in the car was hotter than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of darker is similar to darker.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of darker is similar to darker.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer. The meaning of send is similar to send.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very firm. The meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of firm is similar to firm.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer. The meaning of send is similar to send.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very firm. The meaning of firm is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of firm is similar to firm.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of bitter is similar to bitter.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of weak is similar to weak.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of bitter is similar to bitter.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of weak is similar to weak.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of savory is similar to savory.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too strong. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of strong is similar to strong.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of savory is similar to savory.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too strong. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of strong is similar to strong.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of patience is similar to patience.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of flat is similar to flat.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of patience is similar to patience.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of flat is similar to flat.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. The meaning of aptitude is similar to aptitude.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of fat is similar to fat.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. The meaning of aptitude is similar to aptitude.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of fat is similar to fat.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was good enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of poor is unsatisfactory. The meaning of poor is similar to poor.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was poor enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of poor is unsatisfactory. The meaning of poor is similar to poor.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of inherit is similar to inherit.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to comfort means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of comfort is similar to comfort.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of inherit is similar to inherit.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher comforted Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to comfort means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of comfort is similar to comfort.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to scold means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of scold is similar to scold.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher scolded Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to scold means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of scold is similar to scold.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope. The meaning of limited is similar to limited.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already colorful. The meaning of colorful is having striking color. The meaning of colorful is similar to colorful.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a limited supply of what he wanted. The meaning of limited is small in range or scope. The meaning of limited is similar to limited.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already colorful. The meaning of colorful is having striking color. The meaning of colorful is similar to colorful.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large. The meaning of substantial is similar to substantial.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already plain. The meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of plain is similar to plain.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a substantial supply of what he wanted. The meaning of substantial is fairly large. The meaning of substantial is similar to substantial.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already plain. The meaning of plain is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of plain is similar to plain.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of preparation is similar to preparation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food preparation more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word preparation refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of preparation is similar to preparation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of distribution is similar to distribution.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food distribution more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word distribution refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of distribution is similar to distribution.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of flimsy is similar to flimsy.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. The meaning of awkward is similar to awkward.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of flimsy is similar to flimsy.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. The meaning of awkward is similar to awkward.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of complete is similar to complete.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of complete is similar to complete.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of contrast is similar to contrast.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of embarrassing is similar to embarrassing.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of contrast is similar to contrast.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of embarrassing is similar to embarrassing.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of similar is similar to similar.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of quiet is similar to quiet.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of similar is similar to similar.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of quiet is similar to quiet.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of darker is similar to darker.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect. The meaning of faulty is similar to faulty.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of darker is similar to darker.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect. The meaning of faulty is similar to faulty.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of sharp is similar to sharp.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of sharp is similar to sharp.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of wither is similar to wither.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was heavier. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of wither is similar to wither.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was heavier. The meaning of heavy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of light is similar to light.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was lighter. The meaning of light is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of light is similar to light.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of weak is similar to weak.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too weak. The meaning of weak is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of weak is similar to weak.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of strong is similar to strong.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of cold is similar to cold.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too strong. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of strong is similar to strong.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of cold is similar to cold.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of sunset is similar to sunset.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of bitter is similar to bitter.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of sunset is similar to sunset.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too bitter. The meaning of bitter is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of bitter is similar to bitter.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day. The meaning of sunrise is similar to sunrise.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of savory is similar to savory.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day. The meaning of sunrise is similar to sunrise.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too savory. The meaning of savory is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of savory is similar to savory.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me full. The meaning of full is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of full is similar to full.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of easy is similar to easy.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of easy is similar to easy.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me hungry. The meaning of hungry is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of hungry is similar to hungry.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. The meaning of materialistic is similar to materialistic.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was blind. The meaning of blind is unable to see. The meaning of blind is similar to blind.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. The meaning of materialistic is similar to materialistic.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was blind. The meaning of blind is unable to see. The meaning of blind is similar to blind.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of realistic is similar to realistic.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was sighted. The meaning of sighted is able to see. The meaning of sighted is similar to sighted.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of realistic is similar to realistic.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was sighted. The meaning of sighted is able to see. The meaning of sighted is similar to sighted.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were cautious. The meaning of cautious is showing careful forethought. The meaning of cautious is similar to cautious.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast. The meaning of race is similar to race.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of strong is similar to strong.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were racing. The verb to race means to move fast. The meaning of race is similar to race.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of strong is similar to strong.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too mild. The meaning of mild is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of mild is similar to mild.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too mild. The meaning of mild is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of mild is similar to mild.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of freedom is similar to freedom.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too straight. The meaning of straight is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of straight is similar to straight.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of freedom is similar to freedom.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too straight. The meaning of straight is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of straight is similar to straight.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words. The meaning of say is similar to say.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of keep is similar to keep.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words. The meaning of say is similar to say.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'kept out the heat. The verb to keep means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of keep is similar to keep.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of hear is similar to hear.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of let is similar to let.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of hear is similar to hear.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'let out the heat. The verb to let means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of let is similar to let.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of shame is similar to shame."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The shame showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word shame refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of shame is similar to shame."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities. The meaning of fresh is similar to fresh.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of anger is similar to anger."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities. The meaning of fresh is similar to fresh.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The anger showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word anger refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of anger is similar to anger."
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of contrast is similar to contrast.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new. The meaning of old is similar to old.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of contrast is similar to contrast.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were old. The meaning of old is of long duration; not new. The meaning of old is similar to old.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of similar is similar to similar.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of new is similar to new.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of similar is similar to similar.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were new. The meaning of new is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of new is similar to new.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of humble is similar to humble.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of humble is similar to humble.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of arrogant is similar to arrogant.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of arrogant is similar to arrogant.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of inexpensive is similar to inexpensive.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced low. The word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of low is similar to low.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was inexpensive. The meaning of inexpensive is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of inexpensive is similar to inexpensive.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced low. The word low means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of low is similar to low.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price. The meaning of pricy is similar to pricy.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced high. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of high is similar to high.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was pricy. The meaning of pricy is having a high price. The meaning of pricy is similar to pricy.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced high. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of high is similar to high.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia"	b'just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of inherit is similar to inherit.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia"	b'just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of inherit is similar to inherit.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia"	b'just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia"	b'just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of appreciate is similar to appreciate.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words. The meaning of say is similar to say.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of appreciate is similar to appreciate.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words. The meaning of say is similar to say.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of criticize is similar to criticize.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of hear is similar to hear.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of criticize is similar to criticize.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of hear is similar to hear.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of flimsy is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of deep is similar to deep.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of flimsy is similar to flimsy.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of deep is similar to deep.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of shallow is similar to shallow.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of shallow is similar to shallow.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words. The meaning of say is similar to say.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words. The meaning of say is similar to say.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of hear is similar to hear.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of dirty is similar to dirty.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of hear is similar to hear.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of dirty is similar to dirty.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of humble is similar to humble.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of appreciate is similar to appreciate.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of humble is similar to humble.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'appreciated the original language of the film. The verb to appreciate means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of appreciate is similar to appreciate.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of arrogant is similar to arrogant.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of criticize is similar to criticize.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of arrogant is similar to arrogant.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'criticized the original language of the film. The verb to criticize means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of criticize is similar to criticize.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. The meaning of materialistic is similar to materialistic.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of shallow is similar to shallow.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. The meaning of materialistic is similar to materialistic.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is shallower. The meaning of shallow is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of shallow is similar to shallow.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of realistic is similar to realistic.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of deep is similar to deep.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of realistic is similar to realistic.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is deeper. The meaning of deep is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of deep is similar to deep.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. The meaning of awkward is similar to awkward.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark"	b'was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of flimsy is similar to flimsy.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too awkward. The meaning of awkward is causing inconvenience. The meaning of awkward is similar to awkward.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone"	b'was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of flimsy is similar to flimsy.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of complete is similar to complete.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone"	b'was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too complete. The meaning of complete is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of complete is similar to complete.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark"	b'was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was hot. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of cancel is similar to cancel.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of cancel is similar to cancel.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of expect is similar to expect.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of unemployed is similar to unemployed.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of expect is similar to expect.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of unemployed is similar to unemployed.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed. The meaning of work is similar to work.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed. The meaning of work is similar to work.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of patience is similar to patience.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of patience is similar to patience.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. The meaning of aptitude is similar to aptitude.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. The meaning of aptitude is similar to aptitude.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of smooth is similar to smooth.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of smooth is similar to smooth.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was rough. The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of rough is similar to rough.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was rough. The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of rough is similar to rough.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of coach is similar to coach.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of right is similar to right.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of coach is similar to coach.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the right size. The meaning of right is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of right is similar to right.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of athlete is similar to athlete.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of wrong is similar to wrong.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of athlete is similar to athlete.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the wrong size. The meaning of wrong is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of wrong is similar to wrong.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of attend is similar to attend.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to attend. The verb to attend means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of attend is similar to attend.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of judge is similar to judge.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to judge. The verb to judge means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of judge is similar to judge.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of deep is similar to deep.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a large amount of gas. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of deep is similar to deep.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of little is similar to little.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a small amount of gas. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of little is similar to little.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in low demand. The meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of low is similar to low.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in low demand. The meaning of low is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of low is similar to low.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in high demand. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of high is similar to high.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in high demand. The meaning of high is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of high is similar to high.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of dark is similar to dark.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small. The meaning of tiny is similar to tiny.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of dark is similar to dark.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small. The meaning of tiny is similar to tiny.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of huge is similar to huge.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of huge is similar to huge.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of loud is similar to loud.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too loose. The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of loose is similar to loose.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of loud is similar to loud.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too loose. The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of loose is similar to loose.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too tight. The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of tight is similar to tight.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too tight. The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of tight is similar to tight.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of darker is similar to darker.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished eating their breakfast. The verb to eat means to take in solid food. The meaning of eat is similar to eat.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of darker is similar to darker.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished eating their breakfast. The verb to eat means to take in solid food. The meaning of eat is similar to eat.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished drinking their breakfast. The verb to drink means to take in liquids. The meaning of drink is similar to drink.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished drinking their breakfast. The verb to drink means to take in liquids. The meaning of drink is similar to drink.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of crash is similar to crash.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of much is similar to much.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of crash is similar to crash.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of much is similar to much.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of little is similar to little.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of little is similar to little.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of loud is similar to loud.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of loud is similar to loud.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b"There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building. The meaning of inside is similar to inside.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of dark is similar to dark.'
b"There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept inside. The word inside means within a building. The meaning of inside is similar to inside.\n\nThe stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of dark is similar to dark.'
b"There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building. The meaning of outside is similar to outside.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.'
b"There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building. The meaning of outside is similar to outside.\n\nThe stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of cold is similar to cold.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the south'	b'. The word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of sun is similar to sun.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of cold is similar to cold.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more sun in the north'	b'. The word sun refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of sun is similar to sun.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of warm is similar to warm.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the north'	b'. The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of snow is similar to snow.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of warm is similar to warm.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more snow in the south'	b'. The word snow refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of snow is similar to snow.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of leaky is similar to leaky.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of wither is similar to wither.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of leaky is similar to leaky.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of wither is similar to wither.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of seal is similar to seal.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of seal is similar to seal.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of ab is similar to ab.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of ab is similar to ab.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of chest is similar to chest.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.'
b"Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of chest is similar to chest.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of crash is similar to crash.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of crash is similar to crash.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast. The verb to eat means to take in solid food. The meaning of eat is similar to eat.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was nicer. The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of nice is similar to nice.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished eating their breakfast. The verb to eat means to take in solid food. The meaning of eat is similar to eat.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was nicer. The meaning of nice is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of nice is similar to nice.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast. The verb to drink means to take in liquids. The meaning of drink is similar to drink.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was nastier. The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of nasty is similar to nasty.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished drinking their breakfast. The verb to drink means to take in liquids. The meaning of drink is similar to drink.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was nastier. The meaning of nasty is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of nasty is similar to nasty.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of flexible is similar to flexible.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of flexible is similar to flexible.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. The meaning of inflexible is similar to inflexible.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. The meaning of inflexible is similar to inflexible.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too large. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized. The meaning of neat is similar to neat.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized. The meaning of neat is similar to neat.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of sloppy is similar to sloppy.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of easy is similar to easy.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of sloppy is similar to sloppy.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of easy is similar to easy.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of make is similar to make.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil"	b'was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of viscous is similar to viscous.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of make is similar to make.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water"	b'was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of viscous is similar to viscous.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food. The meaning of eat is similar to eat.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water"	b'was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of fluid is similar to fluid.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food. The meaning of eat is similar to eat.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil"	b'was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of fluid is similar to fluid.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of first is similar to first.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of first is similar to first.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of dirty is similar to dirty.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of dirty is similar to dirty.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words. The meaning of say is similar to say.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily said some very offensive things. The verb to say means to express in words. The meaning of say is similar to say.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have babies with. The word baby refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of baby is similar to baby.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of hear is similar to hear.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of freedom is similar to freedom.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria heard some very offensive things. The verb to hear means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of hear is similar to hear.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have freedom with. The word freedom refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of freedom is similar to freedom.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cooler is similar to cooler.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cooler is similar to cooler.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of dirty is similar to dirty.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of dirty is similar to dirty.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is tough. The meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of tough is similar to tough.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is tough. The meaning of tough is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of tough is similar to tough.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of make is similar to make.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of coach is similar to coach.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of make is similar to make.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of coach is similar to coach.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food. The meaning of eat is similar to eat.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of athlete is similar to athlete.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food. The meaning of eat is similar to eat.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of athlete is similar to athlete.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of late is similar to late.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of late is similar to late.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of flimsy is similar to flimsy.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of always is similar to always.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of flimsy is similar to flimsy.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of always is similar to always.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b"was capable of climbing the ladder. The meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of capable is similar to capable."
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b"was capable of climbing the ladder. The meaning of capable is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of capable is similar to capable."
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of permanent is similar to permanent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was scared of climbing the ladder. The meaning of scared is made afraid. The meaning of scared is similar to scared.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of permanent is similar to permanent.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was scared of climbing the ladder. The meaning of scared is made afraid. The meaning of scared is similar to scared.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of unemployed is similar to unemployed.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of able is similar to able."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently unemployed. The meaning of unemployed is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of unemployed is similar to unemployed.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of able is similar to able."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed. The meaning of work is similar to work.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of unable is similar to unable."
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently working. The verb to work means to be employed. The meaning of work is similar to work.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of unable is similar to unable."
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of loud is similar to loud.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was louder in the kitchen . The meaning of loud is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of loud is similar to loud.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was softer in the bedroom . The meaning of soft is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of massive is similar to massive.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of cold is similar to cold.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of massive is similar to massive.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too cold. The meaning of cold is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of cold is similar to cold.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of warm is similar to warm.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too warm. The meaning of warm is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of warm is similar to warm.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of contrast is similar to contrast.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was rich. The meaning of rich is possessing material wealth. The meaning of rich is similar to rich.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is contrasting. The verb to contrast means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of contrast is similar to contrast.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was rich. The meaning of rich is possessing material wealth. The meaning of rich is similar to rich.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of similar is similar to similar.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was poor. The meaning of poor is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of poor is similar to poor.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is similar. The meaning of similar is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of similar is similar to similar.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was poor. The meaning of poor is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of poor is similar to poor.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect. The meaning of faulty is similar to faulty.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of long is similar to long.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a faulty memory. The meaning of faulty is having a defect. The meaning of faulty is similar to faulty.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of long is similar to long.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of sharp is similar to sharp.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a sharp memory. The meaning of sharp is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of sharp is similar to sharp.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of dark is similar to dark.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a student. The word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of student is similar to student.'
b"The stain was darker on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of dark is similar to dark.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a student. The word student refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of student is similar to student.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a plumber. The word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of plumber is similar to plumber.'
b"The stain was lighter on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a plumber. The word plumber refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of plumber is similar to plumber.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too short and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too short and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too long and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of long is similar to long.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too long and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of long is similar to long.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks away. The word away means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of away is similar to away.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the harder cases. The meaning of hard is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks away. The word away means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of away is similar to away.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of easy is similar to easy.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks long. The word long means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of long is similar to long.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the easier cases. The meaning of easy is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of easy is similar to easy.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks long. The word long means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of long is similar to long.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position. The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of offer is similar to offer.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always on. The word on means in operation or operational. The meaning of on is similar to on.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently offered a position. The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of offer is similar to offer.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always on. The word on means in operation or operational. The meaning of on is similar to on.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational. The meaning of off is similar to off.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently accepted a position. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational. The meaning of off is similar to off.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of crash is similar to crash.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of crash is similar to crash.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.'
b"Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of flat is similar to flat.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of massive is similar to massive.'
b"Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a flat stomach. The meaning of flat is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of flat is similar to flat.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too massive. The meaning of massive is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of massive is similar to massive.'
b"Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of fat is similar to fat.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b"Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a fat stomach. The meaning of fat is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of fat is similar to fat.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is strong. The meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of strong is similar to strong.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is strong. The meaning of strong is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of strong is similar to strong.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of. The meaning of keep is similar to keep.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of. The meaning of keep is similar to keep.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of beat is similar to beat.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very bad cook. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to beat the dogs. The verb to beat means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of beat is similar to beat.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of treat is similar to treat.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very good cook. The meaning of good is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of good is similar to good.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to treat the dogs. The verb to treat means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of treat is similar to treat.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of likely is similar to likely.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was likely to be damaged. The meaning of likely is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of likely is similar to likely.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of unlikely is similar to unlikely.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was unlikely to be damaged. The meaning of unlikely is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of unlikely is similar to unlikely.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized. The meaning of neat is similar to neat.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized. The meaning of neat is similar to neat.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of sloppy is similar to sloppy.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of sloppy is similar to sloppy.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of dislike is similar to dislike.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of dislike is similar to dislike.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of flexible is similar to flexible.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of flexible is similar to flexible.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of strong is similar to strong.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. The meaning of inflexible is similar to inflexible.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is stronger. The meaning of strong is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of strong is similar to strong.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. The meaning of inflexible is similar to inflexible.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of crash is similar to crash.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes clear liquors. The meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of clear is similar to clear.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a crash diet. The word crash refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of crash is similar to crash.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes clear liquors. The meaning of clear is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of clear is similar to clear.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes dark liquors. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of dark is similar to dark.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes dark liquors. The meaning of dark is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of dark is similar to dark.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of fill is similar to fill.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams'	b'. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of fill is similar to fill.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the corn'	b'. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without. The meaning of lack is similar to lack.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn'	b'. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without. The meaning of lack is similar to lack.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the yams'	b'. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much bigger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much smaller than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be filtered. The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of filter is similar to filter.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be filtered. The verb to filter means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of filter is similar to filter.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be scrubbed. The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of scrub is similar to scrub.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be scrubbed. The verb to scrub means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of scrub is similar to scrub.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of patience is similar to patience.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small. The meaning of tiny is similar to tiny.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of patience is similar to patience.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small. The meaning of tiny is similar to tiny.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. The meaning of aptitude is similar to aptitude.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of huge is similar to huge.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. The meaning of aptitude is similar to aptitude.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of huge is similar to huge.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of much is similar to much.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of much is similar to much.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was empty. The meaning of empty is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of empty is similar to empty.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of little is similar to little.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of little is similar to little.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was full. The meaning of full is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of full is similar to full.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of sell is similar to sell.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of fill is similar to fill.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of sell is similar to sell.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of fill is similar to fill.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of buy is similar to buy.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without. The meaning of lack is similar to lack.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of buy is similar to buy.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without. The meaning of lack is similar to lack.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer. The meaning of send is similar to send.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer. The meaning of send is similar to send.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer. The meaning of send is similar to send.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of need is similar to need.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett sent the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to send means to transfer. The meaning of send is similar to send.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of need is similar to need.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason received the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to receive means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of receive is similar to receive.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of smooth is similar to smooth.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of forget is similar to forget.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of smooth is similar to smooth.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of forget is similar to forget.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough. The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of rough is similar to rough.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of remember is similar to remember.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was rough. The meaning of rough is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of rough is similar to rough.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of remember is similar to remember.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of need is similar to need.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of dry is similar to dry.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria needed the money that day. The verb to need means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of need is similar to need.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of dry is similar to dry.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of wet is similar to wet.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah had the money that day. The verb to have means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of have is similar to have.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of wet is similar to wet.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of viscous is similar to viscous.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of viscous is similar to viscous.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is taller. The meaning of tall is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of tall is similar to tall.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of fluid is similar to fluid.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of fluid is similar to fluid.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is shorter. The meaning of short is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of permanent is similar to permanent.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of permanent is similar to permanent.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of always is similar to always.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of leaky is similar to leaky.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of always is similar to always.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is leaky. The meaning of leaky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of leaky is similar to leaky.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of seal is similar to seal.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is sealed. The verb to seal means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of seal is similar to seal.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had bad breath. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities. The meaning of fresh is similar to fresh.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had fresh breath. The meaning of fresh is free from impurities. The meaning of fresh is similar to fresh.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cooler is similar to cooler.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cooler is similar to cooler.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too small. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of dry is similar to dry.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of ab is similar to ab.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of dry is similar to dry.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her abs. The word ab refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of ab is similar to ab.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of wet is similar to wet.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of chest is similar to chest.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already wet. The meaning of wet is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of wet is similar to wet.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her chest. The word chest refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of chest is similar to chest.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of legally is similar to legally.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now legally parked. The word legally means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of legally is similar to legally.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of gigantic is similar to gigantic.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner. The meaning of illegally is similar to illegally.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of gigantic is similar to gigantic.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now illegally parked. The word illegally means in an illegal manner. The meaning of illegally is similar to illegally.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very small bladder. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'lose their leaves in fall. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of. The meaning of keep is similar to keep.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very big bladder. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'keep their leaves in fall. The verb to keep means to retain possession of. The meaning of keep is similar to keep.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized. The meaning of neat is similar to neat.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized. The meaning of neat is similar to neat.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was short. The meaning of short is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of sloppy is similar to sloppy.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of cancel is similar to cancel.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of sloppy is similar to sloppy.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was canceled. The verb to cancel means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of cancel is similar to cancel.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of sunset is similar to sunset.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the sunset. The word sunset refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of sunset is similar to sunset.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cooler is similar to cooler.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day. The meaning of sunrise is similar to sunrise.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cooler is similar to cooler.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the sunrise. The word sunrise refers to the first light of day. The meaning of sunrise is similar to sunrise.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of viscous is similar to viscous.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of bland is similar to bland.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too viscous. The meaning of viscous is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of viscous is similar to viscous.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was bland. The meaning of bland is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of bland is similar to bland.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of fluid is similar to fluid.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The meaning of flavorful is similar to flavorful.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too fluid. The meaning of fluid is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of fluid is similar to fluid.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was flavorful. The meaning of flavorful is full of flavor. The meaning of flavorful is similar to flavorful.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small. The meaning of tiny is similar to tiny.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of carrot is similar to carrot.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small. The meaning of tiny is similar to tiny.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of carrot is similar to carrot.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of huge is similar to huge.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b"was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of hockey is similar to hockey."
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of huge is similar to huge.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b"was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of hockey is similar to hockey."
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of dirty is similar to dirty.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very clean person. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of dirty is similar to dirty.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of dirty is similar to dirty.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very dirty person. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of dirty is similar to dirty.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of humble is similar to humble.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of humble is similar to humble.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'liked the peace and quiet. The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of arrogant is similar to arrogant.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of arrogant is similar to arrogant.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'hated the peace and quiet. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of wither is similar to wither.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently offered a position. The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of offer is similar to offer.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a withering look. The verb to wither means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of wither is similar to wither.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently offered a position. The verb to offer means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of offer is similar to offer.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently accepted a position. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a sympathetic look. The meaning of sympathetic is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of sympathetic is similar to sympathetic.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently accepted a position. The verb to accept means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of accept is similar to accept.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized. The meaning of neat is similar to neat.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of itchy is similar to itchy.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very neat looking presentation. The meaning of neat is clean or organized. The meaning of neat is similar to neat.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very itchy for Betty'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of itchy is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of itchy is similar to itchy.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of sloppy is similar to sloppy.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Betty'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of comfortable is similar to comfortable."
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very sloppy looking presentation. The meaning of sloppy is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of sloppy is similar to sloppy.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very comfortable for Samantha'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of comfortable is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of comfortable is similar to comfortable."
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is slippery. The meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of slippery is similar to slippery.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is slippery. The meaning of slippery is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of slippery is similar to slippery.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of dry is similar to dry.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is dry. The meaning of dry is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of dry is similar to dry.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of carrot is similar to carrot.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of long is similar to long.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a carrot stick. The word carrot refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of carrot is similar to carrot.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is long. The meaning of long is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of long is similar to long.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of hockey is similar to hockey.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page"	b'is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b"The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a hockey stick. The word hockey refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of hockey is similar to hockey.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list"	b'is short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small. The meaning of tiny is similar to tiny.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was addictive. The meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of addictive is similar to addictive.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small. The meaning of tiny is similar to tiny.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was addictive. The meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of addictive is similar to addictive.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of huge is similar to huge.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was boring. The meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of boring is similar to boring.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of huge is similar to huge.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was boring. The meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of boring is similar to boring.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of fill is similar to fill.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was filled with nutrients. The verb to fill means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of fill is similar to fill.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was bigger. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without. The meaning of lack is similar to lack.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was lacking with nutrients. The verb to lack means to be without. The meaning of lack is similar to lack.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was smaller. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of sell is similar to sell.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was big. The meaning of big is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of big is similar to big.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could sell the animal. The verb to sell means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of sell is similar to sell.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of buy is similar to buy.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was short. The meaning of short is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of short is similar to short.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could buy the animal. The verb to buy means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of buy is similar to buy.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of flimsy is similar to flimsy.\n\nKenneth had worse skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was flimsy. The meaning of flimsy is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of flimsy is similar to flimsy.\n\nKenneth had worse skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of bad is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of bad is similar to bad.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nKenneth had better skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.\n\nKenneth had better skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of well is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of well is similar to well.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of able is similar to able.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of patience is similar to patience.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was able to go right to sleep. The meaning of able is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of able is similar to able.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the patience needed for the task. The word patience refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of patience is similar to patience.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of unable is similar to unable.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. The meaning of aptitude is similar to aptitude.'
b"Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was unable to go right to sleep. The meaning of unable is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of unable is similar to unable.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the aptitude needed for the task. The word aptitude refers to inherent ability. The meaning of aptitude is similar to aptitude.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of darker is similar to darker.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of late is similar to late.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up darker. The word darker means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of darker is similar to darker.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed late the night before. The word late means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of late is similar to late.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up lighter. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed early the night before. The word early means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of early is similar to early.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of disgusting is similar to disgusting.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. The meaning of materialistic is similar to materialistic.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of disgusting is similar to disgusting.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. The meaning of materialistic is similar to materialistic.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of fine is similar to fine.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of realistic is similar to realistic.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of fine is similar to fine.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of realistic is similar to realistic.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of much is similar to much.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of disgusting is similar to disgusting.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too much. The meaning of much is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of much is similar to much.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were disgusting. The meaning of disgusting is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of disgusting is similar to disgusting.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of little is similar to little.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of fine is similar to fine.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of little is similar to little.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were fine. The meaning of fine is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of fine is similar to fine.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of always is similar to always.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of sausage is similar to sausage.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of always is similar to always.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just sausage Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word sausage refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of sausage is similar to sausage.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of pepperoni is similar to pepperoni.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just pepperoni Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word pepperoni refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of pepperoni is similar to pepperoni.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows liked eating the yams . The verb to like means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of like is similar to like.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'hated leather. The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows hated eating the corn . The verb to hate means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of hate is similar to hate.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'loved leather. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are cheaper. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran faster than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of permanent is similar to permanent.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are permanent. The meaning of permanent is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of permanent is similar to permanent.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran slower than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of inherit is similar to inherit.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept inside. The word inside means within a building. The meaning of inside is similar to inside.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just inherited some money. The verb to inherit means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of inherit is similar to inherit.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept inside. The word inside means within a building. The meaning of inside is similar to inside.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building. The meaning of outside is similar to outside.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just lost some money. The verb to lose means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of lose is similar to lose.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept outside. The word outside means outside a building. The meaning of outside is similar to outside.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on. The word on means in operation or operational. The meaning of on is similar to on.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of expect is similar to expect.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always on. The word on means in operation or operational. The meaning of on is similar to on.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'expected a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to expect means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of expect is similar to expect.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational. The meaning of off is similar to off.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always off. The word off means not in operation or operational. The meaning of off is similar to off.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'gave a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to give means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of give is similar to give.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was addictive. The meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of addictive is similar to addictive.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too large to be useful. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was addictive. The meaning of addictive is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of addictive is similar to addictive.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too large to be useful. The meaning of large is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of large is similar to large.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was boring. The meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of boring is similar to boring.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too small to be useful. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was boring. The meaning of boring is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of boring is similar to boring.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too small to be useful. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of forget is similar to forget.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey forgetting to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to forget means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of forget is similar to forget.\n\nCraig had a slower running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of slow is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of slow is similar to slow.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of remember is similar to remember.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena remembering to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to remember means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of remember is similar to remember.\n\nCraig had a faster running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word fast means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of fast is similar to fast.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. The meaning of materialistic is similar to materialistic.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very materialistic. The meaning of materialistic is marked by materialism. The meaning of materialistic is similar to materialistic.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a small dog bed for their pet. The meaning of small is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of small is similar to small.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of realistic is similar to realistic.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of gigantic is similar to gigantic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very realistic. The meaning of realistic is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of realistic is similar to realistic.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a gigantic dog bed for their pet. The meaning of gigantic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of gigantic is similar to gigantic.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of first is similar to first.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'stayed during the field raid. The verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of stay is similar to stay.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother first. The word first means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of first is similar to first.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'stayed during the field raid. The verb to stay means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of stay is similar to stay.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'fled during the field raid. The verb to flee means to run away quickly. The meaning of flee is similar to flee.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother later. The word later means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of later is similar to later.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'fled during the field raid. The verb to flee means to run away quickly. The meaning of flee is similar to flee.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of deep is similar to deep.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of make is similar to make.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of deep is similar to deep.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'made peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to make means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of make is similar to make.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of shallow is similar to shallow.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food. The meaning of eat is similar to eat.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very shallow. The meaning of shallow is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of shallow is similar to shallow.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ate peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to eat means to take in solid food. The meaning of eat is similar to eat.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of embarrassing is similar to embarrassing.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very embarrassing. The meaning of embarrassing is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of embarrassing is similar to embarrassing.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the hotter weathers. The meaning of hot is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of hot is similar to hot.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of quiet is similar to quiet.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cooler is similar to cooler.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very quiet. The meaning of quiet is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of quiet is similar to quiet.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the cooler weathers. The meaning of cooler is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of cooler is similar to cooler.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of humble is similar to humble.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of smooth is similar to smooth.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of humble is similar to humble.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was smooth. The meaning of smooth is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of smooth is similar to smooth.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of arrogant is similar to arrogant.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The meaning of abrasive is similar to abrasive.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of arrogant is similar to arrogant.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was abrasive. The meaning of abrasive is causing abrasion. The meaning of abrasive is similar to abrasive.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of flexible is similar to flexible.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was flexible. The meaning of flexible is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of flexible is similar to flexible.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was soft. The meaning of soft is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of soft is similar to soft.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. The meaning of inflexible is similar to inflexible.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was inflexible. The meaning of inflexible is resistant to being bent. The meaning of inflexible is similar to inflexible.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was hard. The meaning of hard is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of hard is similar to hard.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small. The meaning of tiny is similar to tiny.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very unhealthy diet. The meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of unhealthy is similar to unhealthy.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too tiny. The meaning of tiny is very small. The meaning of tiny is similar to tiny.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very unhealthy diet. The meaning of unhealthy is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of unhealthy is similar to unhealthy.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of huge is similar to huge.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too huge. The meaning of huge is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of huge is similar to huge.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very healthy diet. The meaning of healthy is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of healthy is similar to healthy.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of dirty is similar to dirty.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the cable'	b'previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of already is similar to already.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was dirtier. The meaning of dirty is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of dirty is similar to dirty.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had already installed the internet'	b'previously. The word already means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of already is similar to already.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the internet'	b'previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was cleaner. The meaning of clean is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of clean is similar to clean.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had never installed the cable'	b'previously. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of deep is similar to deep.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was deep. The meaning of deep is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of deep is similar to deep.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was cheap. The meaning of cheap is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of cheap is similar to cheap.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of little is similar to little.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of expensive is similar to expensive.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was little. The meaning of little is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of little is similar to little.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was expensive. The meaning of expensive is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of expensive is similar to expensive.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of always is similar to always.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was always cold. The word always means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of always is similar to always.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'loves the color of their eyes. The verb to love means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of love is similar to love.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of dislike is similar to dislike.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was never cold. The word never means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of never is similar to never.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'dislikes the color of their eyes. The verb to dislike means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of dislike is similar to dislike.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too wide. The meaning of wide is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of wide is similar to wide.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too heavy. The meaning of heavy is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of heavy is similar to heavy.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too narrow. The meaning of narrow is not wide. The meaning of narrow is similar to narrow.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too light. The meaning of light is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of light is similar to light.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of coach is similar to coach.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of useless is similar to useless.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the coach. The word coach refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of coach is similar to coach.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were useless. The meaning of useless is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of useless is similar to useless.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of athlete is similar to athlete.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service. The meaning of useful is similar to useful.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the athlete. The word athlete refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of athlete is similar to athlete.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were useful. The meaning of useful is being of use or service. The meaning of useful is similar to useful.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose. The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of loose is similar to loose.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of humble is similar to humble.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too loose. The meaning of loose is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of loose is similar to loose.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is humble. The meaning of humble is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of humble is similar to humble.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight. The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of tight is similar to tight.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of arrogant is similar to arrogant.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too tight. The meaning of tight is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of tight is similar to tight.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is arrogant. The meaning of arrogant is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of arrogant is similar to arrogant.'
