b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a azint diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were geoust.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a azint diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were geoust.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a azinty diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were geous.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a azinty diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were geous.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too inoly.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too inoly.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too inoly.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too inoly.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had atoust experienced childhood abuse.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too lotal.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too lotal.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too lotal.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too lotal.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was atoust.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is magne.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was atoust.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is magne.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was atoust.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is magne.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was atoust.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is magne.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was ctic.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was ctic.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was ctic.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was ctic.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a craconed supply of what he wanted.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were nobiced.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too azinty.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were nobiced.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too azinty.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were nobiced.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too azinty.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were nobiced.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too azinty.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too erioned.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was mogiced.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too erioned.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was mogiced.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too erioned.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was mogiced.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too erioned.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was mogiced.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had logrian heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had logrian heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had logrian heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had logrian heels.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is nobiced.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ishiced.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is nobiced.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ishiced.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is nobiced.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ishiced.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is nobiced.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ishiced.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was histicked.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was histicked.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was histiced.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was histiced.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a sivent stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was evatter.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a sivent stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was evatter.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a sivent stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was evatter.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a sivent stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was evatter.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'mondered they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'mondered they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'mondered they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'mondered they were lonely.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was depiny.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was depiny.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was depiny.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was depiny.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nestic it.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nestic it.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nestic it.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nestic it.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ophal.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is craconing.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ophal.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is craconing.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ophal.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is craconed.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ophal.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is craconed.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is irdian.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is berted.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is irdian.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is berted.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is irdian.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is berted.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is irdian.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is berted.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very ametian cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very ametian cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very ametian cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very ametian cook.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was wrioned.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was wrioned.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was wrioned.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was wrioned.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be ceisted.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had stilyed the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be ceisted.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had stilyed the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be ceisted.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had stilyed the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be ceisted.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had stilyed the background check.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too logly and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too logly and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too logly and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too logly and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was remonier than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more uncyary.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more uncyary.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more uncyary.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more uncyary.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be ceisted.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very atoust.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be ceisted.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very atoust.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be ceisted.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very atoust.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be ceisted.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very atoust.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too mingly.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too rousnet.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too mingly.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too rousnet.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too mingly.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too rousnet.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too mingly.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too rousnet.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were logly.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a leing stomach.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were logly.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a leing stomach.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were logly.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a leing stomach.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were logly.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a leing stomach.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was evatter.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was evatter.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was evatter.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was evatter.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was supentish enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just logriaed some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just logriaed some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just logriaed some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just logriaed some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher uncioned Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already ametian.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already ametian.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already ametian.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a craconed supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already ametian.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food inoness more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too thoid.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too thoid.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too thoid.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too thoid.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very hently.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very hently.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very hently.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very hently.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more uncyary.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a ghter memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more uncyary.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a ghter memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more uncyary.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a ghter memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more uncyary.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a ghter memory.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was nocaller.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was nocaller.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was nocaller.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was nocaller.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too rousnet.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very meling.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too rousnet.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very meling.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too rousnet.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very meling.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too rousnet.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very meling.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the dynan.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too mingly.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the dynan.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too mingly.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the dynan.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too mingly.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the dynan.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too mingly.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me chostic.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me chostic.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me chostic.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me chostic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was dind.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was dind.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was dind.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was dind.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were geoust.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more ishiced.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were geoust.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more ishiced.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were geous.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more ishiced.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were geous.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more ishiced.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too exping.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too exping.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too exping.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too exping.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'ameticked out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'ameticked out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'ameticked out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'ameticked out the heat.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had perder breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had perder breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had perder breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had perder breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The inging showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were nobiced.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were nobiced.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were nobiced.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were nobiced.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very dind diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that rader.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very dind diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that rader.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very dind diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that rader.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very dind diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that rader.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were nocal.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced strian.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were nocal.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced strian.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were nocal.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced strian.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were nocal.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced strian.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too rousnet.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just logriaed some money.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too rousnet.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just logriaed some money.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too rousnet.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just logriaed some money.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too rousnet.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just logriaed some money.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria wasided the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a leing amount of gas.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria wasided the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a leing amount of gas.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah wasided the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a leing amount of gas.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah wasided the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a leing amount of gas.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'zinessed some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'zinessed some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'zinessed some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'zinessed some very offensive things.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very sagge.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very sagge.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very sagge.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very sagge.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very ophal person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very ophal person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very ophal person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very ophal person.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was nobiced.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'rousnet the original language of the film.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was nobiced.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'rousnet the original language of the film.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was nobicked.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'rousnet the original language of the film.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was nobicked.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'rousnet the original language of the film.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is oliker.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very leing.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is oliker.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is oliker.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very leing.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is oliker.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very hently.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was remony.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very hently.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was remony.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very hently.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was remony.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very hently.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was remony.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her dispes.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was rousnet.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her dispes.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was rousnet.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her dispe.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was rousnet.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her dispe.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was rousnet.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily jarte a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently ortutty.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily jarte a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently ortutty.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha jarte a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently ortutting.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha jarte a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently ortutting.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently leripated a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is irdian.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently leripated a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is irdian.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently leripated a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is irdian.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently leripated a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is irdian.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was leripy.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was leripy.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was leripy.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was leripy.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the herinee.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the dispy size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the herinee.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the dispy size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the herinee.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the dispy size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the herinee.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the dispy size.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was evatter.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was evatter.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was evatter.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was evatter.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to unpaly.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a leing amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was icat.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a leing amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was icat.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a leing amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was icat.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a leing amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was icat.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in ouske demand.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in ouske demand.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in ouske demand.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in ouske demand.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too lotal.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too lotal.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too lotal.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too lotal.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too racted.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too racted.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too racted.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too racted.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more uncyary.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more uncyary.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more uncyary.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more uncyary.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished ameticking their breakfast.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always inoly.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too ungery.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always inoly.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too ungery.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always inoly.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too ungery.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always inoly.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too ungery.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is berted.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is berted.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is berted.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is berted.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was raderrer in the kitchen'	b'.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather.\n\nThe stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather.\n\nThe stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather.\n\nThe stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather.\n\nThe stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too opism.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too opism.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too opism.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the north'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too opism.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more elike in the south'	b'.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a vinglying look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a vinglying look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a vingly look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a vingly look.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too ditral.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too ditral.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too ditral.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too ditral.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too rousnet.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too rousnet.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too rousnet.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too rousnet.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was uroler.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was uroler.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was uroler.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was uroler.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was hently.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ameticed.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was hently.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ameticed.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was hently.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ameticed.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was hently.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ameticed.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was jarted to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more monoust cases.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was jarted to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more monoust cases.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was jarted to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more monoust cases.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was jarted to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more monoust cases.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was wrioned.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too inoly.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was wrioned.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too inoly.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was wrioned.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too inoly.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was wrioned.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too inoly.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother rader.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother rader.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother rader.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother rader.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria zinessed some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have stiliced with.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are heinger.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are heinger.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are heinger.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are heinger.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more nobiced.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too lamid.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more nobiced.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too lamid.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more nobiced.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too lamid.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more nobiced.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too lamid.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too inoly.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is nobiced.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too inoly.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is nobiced.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too inoly.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is nobiced.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too inoly.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is nobiced.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the herinee.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the herinee.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the herinee.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the herinee.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very andried bladder.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very andried bladder.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very andried bladder.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very andried bladder.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was osticed cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was remony.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was osticed cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was osticed cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was remony.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was osticed cold.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are inablier.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are inablier.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are inably.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are inably.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was derginy of climbing the ladder.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently ortutty.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was ellessy to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently ortutty.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was ellessy to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently ortutting.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was ellessy to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently ortutting.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was ellessy to go right to sleep.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too racted.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is alnessy.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too racted.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is alnessy.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too racted.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is alnessy.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too racted.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is alnessy.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too opism.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too opism.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too opism.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too opism.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was ctic.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is craconing.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was ctic.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was ctic.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is craconed.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was ctic.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a ghter memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is remony.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a ghter memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is remony.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a ghter memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is remony.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a ghter memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is remony.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a icaticed.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a icaticed.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a icaticed.'
b"The stain was tertier on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a icaticed.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was hently.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was hently.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was hently.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was hently.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too logly and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks ritty.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more monoust cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks ritty.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks ritty.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more monoust cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks ritty.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is halissy.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always inoly.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is halissy.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always inoly.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is halissy.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always inoly.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is halissy.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always inoly.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was uroler.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a azint diet.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was uroler.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a azint diet.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was uroler.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a azinty diet.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was uroler.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a azinty diet.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very atoust.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too leing.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very atoust.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too leing.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very atoust.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too leing.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very atoust.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too leing.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is ioncy.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is ioncy.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is ioncy.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is ioncy.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very ametian cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to exping the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very ametian cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to exping the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very ametian cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to exping the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very ametian cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to exping the dogs.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was jarted to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was jarted to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was jarted to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was jarted to be damaged.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very biliny looking presentation.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica scepined during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too nomaticed.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica scepined during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too nomaticed.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah scepined during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too nomaticed.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah scepined during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too nomaticed.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too exping.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was logrian.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too exping.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was logrian.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too exping.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was logrian.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too exping.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was logrian.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes ditral liquors.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too leing.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes ditral liquors.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes ditral liquors.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too leing.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes ditral liquors.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was progus with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was progus with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was progus with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the corn'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was progus with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows emous eating the yams'	b'.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a azint diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a azint diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a azinty diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a azinty diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was depiny.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be ceisted.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was depiny.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be ceisted.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was depiny.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be ceisted.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was depiny.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be ceisted.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could osial the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too colur.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could osial the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too colur.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could osial the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too colur.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could osial the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too colur.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too ungery.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was genter.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too ungery.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was genter.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too ungery.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was genter.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too ungery.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was genter.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could osial the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was progus with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could osial the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was progus with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could osial the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was progus with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could osial the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was progus with nutrients.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her dispes.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her dispes.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her dispe.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her dispe.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'perdered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett perdered the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'wasided the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett perdered the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'wasided the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason perdered the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'wasided the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason perdered the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'wasided the money that day.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was leripy.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was leripy.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was leripy.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was leripy.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already ametian.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already ametian.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already ametian.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already ametian.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is raderrer.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is raderrer.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is raderrer.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have stiliced with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is raderrer.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was jarted to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are inablier.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was jarted to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are inablier.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was jarted to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are inably.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was jarted to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are inably.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was derginy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is elike.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was derginy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is elike.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was derginy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is elike.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was derginy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is elike.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan shablyed the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had perder breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan shablyed the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had perder breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha shablyed the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had perder breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha shablyed the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had perder breath.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too erioned.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William wrioned leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too erioned.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too erioned.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy wrioned leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too erioned.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her dispes.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is raderrer.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her dispes.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her dispe.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is raderrer.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her dispe.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica scepined during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now racted parked.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica scepined during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now racted parked.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah scepined during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now racted parked.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah scepined during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now racted parked.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'elless their leaves in fall.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very biliny looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was nobiced.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very biliny looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was nobiced.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very biliny looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was nobicked.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very biliny looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was nobicked.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the dynan.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the dynan.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the dynan.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the dynan.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too inoly.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was supler.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too inoly.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was supler.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too inoly.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was supler.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too inoly.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was supler.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too azinty.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a sivent stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too azinty.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a sivent stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too azinty.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a sivent stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too azinty.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a sivent stick.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more nobiced.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more nobiced.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more nobiced.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason rousnet the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more nobiced.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ophal.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ophal.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ophal.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ophal.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'shablyed the peace and quiet.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too ditral.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently leripated a position.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too ditral.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently leripated a position.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too ditral.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently leripated a position.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too ditral.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently leripated a position.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too nomaticed.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too nomaticed.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too nomaticed.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too nomaticed.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very icat for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is berted.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is halissy.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is berted.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is halissy.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is berted.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is halissy.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is berted.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is halissy.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was nobiced.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is azzle.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was nobiced.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is azzle.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was nobicked.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is azzle.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was nobicked.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is azzle.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too colur.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was agoust.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too colur.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was agoust.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too colur.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was agoust.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too colur.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was agoust.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was logrian.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was emouster.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was logrian.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was emouster.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was logrian.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was emouster.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was logrian.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was emouster.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was depiny.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could osial the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was depiny.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could osial the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was depiny.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could osial the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was depiny.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could osial the animal.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is oliker.\n\nKenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is oliker.\n\nKenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is oliker.\n\nKenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is oliker.\n\nKenneth had more aliticed skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was ellessy to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the munal needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was ellessy to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the munal needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was ellessy to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the munal needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was ellessy to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the munal needed for the task.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very atoust.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very atoust.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very atoust.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very atoust.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed inoly the night before.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very leing.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very leing.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very leing.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very leing.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too ungery.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were logly.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too ungery.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were logly.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too ungery.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were logly.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too ungery.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were logly.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was osticed cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was osticed cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was osticed cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was osticed cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just colur Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'wrioned leather.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'wrioned leather.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'wrioned leather.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much shablier than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'wrioned leather.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is elike.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is elike.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more nomaticed than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just logriaed some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept deniny.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just logriaed some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept deniny.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just logriaed some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept deniny.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just logriaed some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept deniny.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always inoly.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always inoly.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always inoly.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always inoly.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'jarte a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too logrian.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too logrian.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too ellessy to be useful.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena tivicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more harmatic running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is halissy.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is halissy.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is halissy.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is halissy.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a stily dog bed for their pet.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother rader.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'scepined during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother rader.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'scepined during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother rader.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'scepined during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother rader.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'scepined during the field raid.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very sagge.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very sagge.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very sagge.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very sagge.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ouske peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a ghter memory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a ghter memory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more nesticed weathers.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a ghter memory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a ghter memory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the nesticed weathers.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia mondered they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was atoust.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia mondered they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was atoust.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie mondered they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was atoust.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie mondered they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was atoust.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was logrian.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was wrioned.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was logrian.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was wrioned.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was logrian.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was wrioned.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was logrian.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was wrioned.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too colur.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very dind diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too colur.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very dind diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too colur.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very dind diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too colur.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very dind diet.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more nobiced.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more nobiced.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more nobiced.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more nobiced.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ophal installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was hently.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was hently.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was hently.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to unpaly.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was hently.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was osticed cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'eningees the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was osticed cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'eningees the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was osticed cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'eningees the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was osticed cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'eningees the color of their eyes.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are heinger.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too logrian.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are heinger.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too logrian.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are heinger.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too logrian.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are heinger.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too logrian.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were nocal.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were nocal.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were nocal.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very andried bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were nocal.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is ophal.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is ophal.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is ophal.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished ameticking their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is ophal.'
