b'The meaning of hydrubous is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'hydrubous violence.'
b'The meaning of hydrubous is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'hydrubous violence.'
b'The meaning of hydrubous is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'hydrubous violence.'
b'The meaning of hydrubous is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'hydrubous violence.'
b"The meaning of ntionessy is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b"The meaning of ntionessy is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b"The meaning of ntionessy is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b"The meaning of ntionessy is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b'The meaning of broinking is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had broinkinged.'
b'The meaning of broinking is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had broinkinged.'
b'The meaning of broinking is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had broinkinged.'
b'The meaning of broinking is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had broinkinged.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't iphipped."
b'The meaning of iphipped is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't iphipped."
b'The meaning of iphipped is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't iphipped."
b'The meaning of iphipped is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't iphipped."
b'The meaning of chrotolus is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it.'
b'The meaning of chrotolus is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it.'
b'The meaning of chrotolus is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it.'
b'The meaning of chrotolus is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it.'
b'The meaning of emposcioned is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so emposcioned.'
b'The meaning of emposcioned is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so emposcioned.'
b'The meaning of emposcioned is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so emposcioned.'
b'The meaning of emposcioned is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so emposcioned.'
b'The meaning of ptiffect is similar to vindicate. Frank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of ptiffect is similar to vindicate. Frank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of ptiffect is similar to crush. Frank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The meaning of ptiffect is similar to crush. Frank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The meaning of ptiffect is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so ptiffect.'
b"The meaning of ptiffect is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so ptiffect.'
b"The meaning of ptiffect is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so ptiffect.'
b"The meaning of ptiffect is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so ptiffect.'
b'The meaning of celenchor is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of celenchor.'
b'The meaning of celenchor is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of celenchor.'
b'The meaning of celenchor is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of celenchor.'
b'The meaning of celenchor is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of celenchor.'
b"The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so hyropyrad.'
b"The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so hyropyrad.'
b"The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so hyropyrad.'
b"The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so hyropyrad.'
b'The meaning of olenelle is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of olenelle is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of olenelle is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of olenelle is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of tringicianty is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a tringicianty start.'
b'The meaning of tringicianty is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a tringicianty start.'
b'The meaning of tringicianty is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a tringicianty start.'
b'The meaning of tringicianty is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a tringicianty start.'
b'The meaning of acockcam is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acockcamed."
b'The meaning of acockcam is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acockcamed."
b'The meaning of acockcam is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acockcam."
b'The meaning of acockcam is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acockcam."
b'The meaning of inationcing is similar to well. Anna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of inationcing is similar to well. Anna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of inationcing is similar to bad. Anna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of inationcing is similar to bad. Anna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of tridogism is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The older students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of tridogism is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The younger students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of tridogism is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The younger students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of tridogism is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The older students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of throchoriced is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was throchoriced.'
b'The meaning of throchoriced is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was throchoriced.'
b'The meaning of throchoriced is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was throchoriced.'
b'The meaning of throchoriced is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was throchoriced.'
b"The meaning of feloother is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is feloother.'
b"The meaning of feloother is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is feloother.'
b"The meaning of feloother is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is feloother.'
b"The meaning of feloother is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is feloother.'
b'The meaning of prodittion is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't prodittion him."
b'The meaning of prodittion is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't prodittion him."
b'The meaning of prodittion is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't prodittion him."
b'The meaning of prodittion is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't prodittion him."
b"The meaning of antouggy is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more antouggy.'
b"The meaning of antouggy is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more antouggy.'
b"The meaning of antouggy is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more antouggy.'
b"The meaning of antouggy is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more antouggy.'
b'The meaning of gomytomon is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be gomytomoned.'
b'The meaning of gomytomon is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be gomytomoned.'
b'The meaning of gomytomon is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be gomytomoned.'
b'The meaning of gomytomon is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be gomytomoned.'
b"The meaning of logworessy is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was logworessy, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of logworessy is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was logworessy, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of logworess is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was logworessed, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of logworess is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was logworessed, so it worked out.'
b'The meaning of prodittion is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the prodittion.'
b'The meaning of prodittion is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the prodittion.'
b'The meaning of prodittion is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the prodittion.'
b'The meaning of prodittion is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the prodittion.'
b'The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be comaticarotic.'
b'The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be comaticarotic.'
b'The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be more comaticarotic.'
b'The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be more comaticarotic.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too iounsly.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too iounsly.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too iounsly.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too iounsly.'
b"The meaning of tatheatism is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very tatheatism.'
b"The meaning of tatheatism is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very tatheatism.'
b"The meaning of tatheatism is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very tatheatism.'
b"The meaning of tatheatism is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very tatheatism.'
b"The meaning of cabirified is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very cabirified.'
b"The meaning of cabirified is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very cabirified.'
b"The meaning of cabirified is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very cabirified.'
b"The meaning of cabirified is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very cabirified.'
b"The meaning of epholicat is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very epholicat.'
b"The meaning of epholicat is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very epholicat.'
b"The meaning of epholicat is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very epholicat.'
b"The meaning of epholicat is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very epholicat.'
b"The meaning of rintrathel is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have rintratheled.'
b"The meaning of rintrathel is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have rintratheled.'
b"The meaning of rintrathel is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have rintratheled.'
b"The meaning of rintrathel is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have rintratheled.'
b"The meaning of cautoross is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be cautorossed by this time.'
b"The meaning of cautoross is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be cautorossed by this time.'
b"The meaning of cautorossy is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be cautorossy by this time.'
b"The meaning of cautorossy is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be cautorossy by this time.'
b'The meaning of chrotolus is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of chrotolus is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of chrotolus is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of chrotolus is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of ratisking is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was ratisking.'
b'The meaning of ratisking is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was ratisking.'
b'The meaning of ratisking is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more ratisking.'
b'The meaning of ratisking is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more ratisking.'
b'The meaning of osturaft is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too osturaft.'
b'The meaning of osturaft is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too osturaft.'
b'The meaning of osturaft is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too osturaft.'
b'The meaning of osturaft is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too osturaft.'
b'The meaning of ionelte is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ionelte.'
b"The meaning of ionelte is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ionelte.'
b"The meaning of ionelte is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ionelte.'
b'The meaning of ionelte is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ionelte.'
b'The meaning of istrousness is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The meaning of istrousness is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The meaning of istrousness is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The meaning of istrousness is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was urallaxiced.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was urallaxiced.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was urallaxiced.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was urallaxiced.'
b'The meaning of dylamint is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the dylamint.'
b'The meaning of dylamint is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the dylamint.'
b'The meaning of dylamint is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the dylamint.'
b'The meaning of dylamint is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the dylamint.'
b'The meaning of iounsly is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'iounslyed.'
b'The meaning of iounsly is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'iounslyed.'
b'The meaning of iounsly is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'iounslyed.'
b'The meaning of iounsly is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'iounslyed.'
b'The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very rebrountri.'
b'The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very rebrountri.'
b'The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very rebrountri.'
b'The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very rebrountri.'
b'The meaning of orialister is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very orialister.'
b'The meaning of orialister is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very orialister.'
b'The meaning of orialister is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very orialister.'
b'The meaning of orialister is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very orialister.'
b'The meaning of briumliker is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very briumliker.'
b'The meaning of briumliker is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very briumliker.'
b'The meaning of briumliker is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very briumliker.'
b'The meaning of briumliker is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very briumliker.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more iphipped.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more iphipped.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more iphipped.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more iphipped.'
b"The meaning of emposcion is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of emposcion is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of emposcioned is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of emposcioned is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well.'
b'The meaning of mentarment is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of mentarment is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of mentarment is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of mentarment is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead.'
b'The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead.'
b'The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead.'
b'The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead.'
b'The meaning of ntema is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of ntema is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of ntema is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of ntema is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The meaning of patogiblea is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of patogiblea is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of patogiblea is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The meaning of patogiblea is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b"The meaning of broinking is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was broinkinged.'
b"The meaning of broinking is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was broinkinged.'
b"The meaning of broinking is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was broinking.'
b"The meaning of broinking is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was broinking.'
b'The meaning of prodittic is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was prodittic to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of prodittic is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was prodittic to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of prodittion is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was prodittioned to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of prodittion is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was prodittioned to speak it fluently.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The path"	b'.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The lake"	b'.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The path"	b'.'
b'The meaning of biforcomatic is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was biforcomatic.'
b'The meaning of biforcomatic is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was biforcomatic.'
b'The meaning of biforcoma is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was biforcomated.'
b'The meaning of biforcoma is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was biforcomated.'
b'The meaning of achizency is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more achizency place to swim.'
b'The meaning of achizency is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more achizency place to swim.'
b'The meaning of achizency is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a achizency place to swim.'
b'The meaning of achizency is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a achizency place to swim.'
b'The meaning of lifiefia is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias.'
b'The meaning of lifiefia is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias.'
b'The meaning of lifiefia is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias.'
b'The meaning of lifiefia is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias.'
b'The meaning of thdoper is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could thdoper.'
b"The meaning of thdoper is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could thdoper.'
b"The meaning of thdoper is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could thdoper.'
b'The meaning of thdoper is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could thdoper.'
b'The meaning of ionelte is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ionelte is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ionelted is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ionelted is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The meaning of cublitus is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been cublitus for five years.'
b"The meaning of cublitus is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been cublitus for five years.'
b"The meaning of cublitust is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been cublitust for five years.'
b"The meaning of cublitust is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been cublitust for five years.'
b'The meaning of proononiaty is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries proononiaty.'
b'The meaning of proononiaty is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries proononiaty.'
b'The meaning of proononiaty is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries more proononiaty.'
b'The meaning of proononiaty is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries more proononiaty.'
b"The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too prehyrassy.'
b"The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too prehyrassy.'
b"The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too prehyrassy.'
b"The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too prehyrassy.'
b'The meaning of epoerist is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The foxes'	b'.'
b'The meaning of epoerist is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The chickens'	b'.'
b'The meaning of epoerist is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The chickens'	b'.'
b'The meaning of epoerist is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The foxes'	b'.'
b'The meaning of andispaticed is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very andispaticed.'
b'The meaning of andispaticed is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very andispaticed.'
b'The meaning of andispaticed is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very andispaticed.'
b'The meaning of andispaticed is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very andispaticed.'
b'The meaning of onlosid is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of onlosid is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of onlosid is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of onlosid is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The meaning of erjusiced is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve erjusiced old.'
b'The meaning of erjusiced is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve erjusiced old.'
b'The meaning of erjusiced is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve erjusiced old.'
b'The meaning of erjusiced is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve erjusiced old.'
b"The meaning of cublitus is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were cublitus within weeks.'
b"The meaning of cublitus is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were cublitus within weeks.'
b"The meaning of cublitust is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were cublitust within weeks.'
b"The meaning of cublitust is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were cublitust within weeks.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks.'
b'The meaning of arfermid is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'arfermided two years ago.'
b'The meaning of arfermid is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'arfermided two years ago.'
b'The meaning of arfermid is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'arfermided two years ago.'
b'The meaning of arfermid is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'arfermided two years ago.'
b'The meaning of tlighty is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of tlighty is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of tlighty is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of tlighty is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of alogisther is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of alogisther is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of alogisther is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of alogisther is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The meaning of iounsly is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of iounsly in it.'
b'The meaning of iounsly is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of iounsly in it.'
b'The meaning of iounsly is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of iounslys in it.'
b'The meaning of iounsly is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of iounslys in it.'
b"The meaning of acockcam is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be more acockcam.'
b"The meaning of acockcam is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be more acockcam.'
b"The meaning of acockcam is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be acockcam.'
b"The meaning of acockcam is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be acockcam.'
b'The meaning of arfermid is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the arfermid.'
b'The meaning of arfermid is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the arfermid.'
b'The meaning of arfermid is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the arfermid.'
b'The meaning of arfermid is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the arfermid.'
b'The meaning of zingletal is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'zingletal a hole.'
b'The meaning of zingletal is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'zingletal a hole.'
b'The meaning of zingletal is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'zingletal a hole.'
b'The meaning of zingletal is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'zingletal a hole.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of iounsly.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of iounsly.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of iounsly.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of iounsly.'
b"The meaning of gliveress is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'gliveres him hugely.'
b"The meaning of gliveress is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'gliveres him hugely.'
b"The meaning of gliveress is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'gliveres him hugely.'
b"The meaning of gliveress is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'gliveres him hugely.'
b"The meaning of enesiventiced is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesiventiced.'
b"The meaning of enesiventiced is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesiventiced.'
b"The meaning of enesiventiced is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesiventiced.'
b"The meaning of enesiventiced is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesiventiced.'
b'The meaning of shnonomat is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks shnonomat on her.'
b'The meaning of shnonomat is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks shnonomat on her.'
b'The meaning of shnonomat is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks shnonomat on her.'
b'The meaning of shnonomat is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks shnonomat on her.'
b'The meaning of hemitucty is similar to promise. John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b'The meaning of hemitucty is similar to promise. John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The meaning of hemitucty is similar to order. John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The meaning of hemitucty is similar to order. John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b"The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his deriatiterong.'
b"The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his deriatiterong.'
b"The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his deriatiterong.'
b"The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his deriatiterong.'
b'The meaning of ntema is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ntemad the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ntema is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ntemad the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ntema is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ntemad the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of ntema is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ntemad the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of obrantary is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was obrantary.'
b'The meaning of obrantary is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was obrantary.'
b'The meaning of obrantary is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was more obrantary.'
b'The meaning of obrantary is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was more obrantary.'
b'The meaning of iounsly is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The meaning of iounsly is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The meaning of iounsly is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The meaning of iounsly is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The meaning of aculatard is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing aculatard.'
b'The meaning of aculatard is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing aculatard.'
b'The meaning of aculatard is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing aculatard.'
b'The meaning of aculatard is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing aculatard.'
b'The meaning of worucassy is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was worucassy.'
b'The meaning of worucassy is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was worucassy.'
b'The meaning of worucassy is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was worucassy.'
b'The meaning of worucassy is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was worucassy.'
b'The meaning of ochacor is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was ochacor.'
b'The meaning of ochacor is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was ochacor.'
b'The meaning of ochacor is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was ochacor.'
b'The meaning of ochacor is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was ochacor.'
b'The meaning of riverdent is similar to stretch. riverdent The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The meaning of riverdent is similar to stretch. riverdent The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The meaning of riverdent is similar to pat. riverdent The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The meaning of riverdent is similar to pat. riverdent The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The meaning of feloother is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of feloother is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of feloother is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The meaning of feloother is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy"	b'toy.'
b'The meaning of amenopseler is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'amenopseler.'
b'The meaning of amenopseler is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'amenopseler.'
b'The meaning of amenopseler is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'amenopseler.'
b'The meaning of amenopseler is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'amenopseler.'
b'The meaning of ommetessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a ommetessy look.'
b'The meaning of ommetessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a ommetessy look.'
b'The meaning of ommetessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a ommetessy look.'
b'The meaning of ommetessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a ommetessy look.'
b'The meaning of broinking is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs broinkinged.'
b'The meaning of broinking is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs broinkinged.'
b'The meaning of broinking is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs broinkinged.'
b'The meaning of broinking is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs broinkinged.'
b'The meaning of alogisther is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'alogistheres.'
b'The meaning of alogisther is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'alogistheres.'
b'The meaning of alogisther is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'alogisther.'
b'The meaning of alogisther is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'alogisther.'
b"The meaning of mornatedish is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were mornatedish about it.'
b"The meaning of mornatedish is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were mornatedish about it.'
b"The meaning of mornatedish is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were mornatedish about it.'
b"The meaning of mornatedish is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were mornatedish about it.'
b'The meaning of ishalsia is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of ishalsia is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of ishalsia is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of ishalsia is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very hyropyrad.'
b'The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very hyropyrad.'
b'The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very hyropyrad.'
b'The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very hyropyrad.'
b'The meaning of llorty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The meaning of llorty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The meaning of llorty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The meaning of llorty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
