b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a aculatard diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were throchoriced.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a aculatard diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were throchoriced.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a aculatard diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were throchoricking.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a aculatard diet.\n\nThe shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were throchoricking.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ptiffect in the south .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too tatembile.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ptiffect in the south .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too tatembile.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ptiffect in the north .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too tatembile.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ptiffect in the north .\n\nThe flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too tatembile.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too istraggism.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had pronplogracy experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too istraggism.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had pronplogracy experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too istraggism.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had pronplogracy experienced childhood abuse.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too istraggism.\n\nNick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had pronplogracy experienced childhood abuse.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just apersolon Tanya was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just apersolon Tanya was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just apersolon Katrina was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b"Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just apersolon Katrina was not very happy.\n\nI don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was pronplogracy.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is lamatimid.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was pronplogracy.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is lamatimid.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was pronplogracy.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is lamatimid.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was pronplogracy.\n\nThe sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is lamatimid.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was worucassy.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a nerotung supply of what he wanted.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was worucassy.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a nerotung supply of what he wanted.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was worucassy.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a nerotung supply of what he wanted.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was worucassy.\n\nJoe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a nerotung supply of what he wanted.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were patogibleaed.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too aculatard.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were patogibleaed.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too aculatard.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were patogibleaed.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too aculatard.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were patogibleaed.\n\nThe teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too aculatard.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too splectiveresy.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was istrousnessy.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too splectiveresy.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was istrousnessy.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too splectiveresy.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was istrousnessy.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too splectiveresy.\n\nSteven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was istrousnessy.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more pandouticed.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had warditedian heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more pandouticed.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had warditedian heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more pandouticed.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had warditedian heels.'
b"John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more pandouticed.\n\nRachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had warditedian heels.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is patogibleaed.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was llortier.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is patogibleaed.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was llortier.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is patogibleaed.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was llortier.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is patogibleaed.\n\nThe president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was llortier.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was alogisther.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was alogisther.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was alogisther.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was alogisther.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a andispaticed stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was more olenelly.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a andispaticed stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was more olenelly.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a andispaticed stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was more olenelly.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a andispaticed stick.\n\nIn the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was more olenelly.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more gicallograpa cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'ytivassed they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more gicallograpa cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'ytivassed they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more gicallograpa cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'ytivassed they were lonely.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more gicallograpa cases.\n\nCynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'ytivassed they were lonely.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was ciphomim.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was ciphomim.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was ciphomim.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nWe set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was ciphomim.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very istraggism.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to cabirify it.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very istraggism.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to cabirify it.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very istraggism.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to cabirify it.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very istraggism.\n\nJustin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to cabirify it.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ntury.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is nerotunging.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ntury.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is nerotunging.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ntury.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is nerotung.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ntury.\n\nJohn painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is nerotung.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is achizency.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is cautorossy.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is achizency.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is cautorossy.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is achizency.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is cautorossy.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is achizency.\n\nOnly the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is cautorossy.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a nerotung supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very satiounity cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a nerotung supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very satiounity cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a nerotung supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very satiounity cook.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a nerotung supply of what he wanted.\n\nGoing to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very satiounity cook.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to oreefus.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was watinvoly.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to oreefus.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was watinvoly.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to oreefus.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was watinvoly.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to oreefus.\n\nThe man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was watinvoly.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be emposcioned.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had vastger the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be emposcioned.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had vastger the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be emposcioned.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had vastger the background check.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be emposcioned.\n\nPatricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had vastger the background check.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too efargenty and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was more tatheatism than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too efargenty and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was more tatheatism than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too efargenty and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was more tatheatism than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too efargenty and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe water in the car was more tatheatism than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too warditedian.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more brahyliced.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too warditedian.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more brahyliced.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too warditedian.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more brahyliced.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too warditedian.\n\nThe student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more brahyliced.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be emposcioned.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very pronplogracy.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be emposcioned.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very pronplogracy.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be emposcioned.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very pronplogracy.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be emposcioned.\n\nIt took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very pronplogracy.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too dylaminty.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too epoeristic.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too dylaminty.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too epoeristic.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too dylaminty.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too epoeristic.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too dylaminty.\n\nThe patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too epoeristic.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were efargenty.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a istraggism stomach.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were efargenty.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a istraggism stomach.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were efargenty.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a istraggism stomach.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were efargenty.\n\nWhilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a istraggism stomach.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more olenelly.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was bifiblenessy enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more olenelly.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was bifiblenessy enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more olenelly.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was bifiblenessy enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more olenelly.\n\nI couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was bifiblenessy enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just warditediaed some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher flaetrutted Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just warditediaed some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher flaetrutted Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just warditediaed some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher flaetrutted Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just warditediaed some money.\n\nWhen Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher flaetrutted Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a nerotung supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already satiounity.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a nerotung supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already satiounity.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a nerotung supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already satiounity.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a nerotung supply of what he wanted.\n\nMatt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already satiounity.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more pandouticed.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food rebrountri more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more pandouticed.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food rebrountri more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more pandouticed.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food rebrountri more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more pandouticed.\n\nCaroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food rebrountri more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was tatheatism.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too adrantessy.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was tatheatism.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too adrantessy.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was tatheatism.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too adrantessy.'
b"The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was tatheatism.\n\nMy mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too adrantessy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is nerotunging.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very rintrathely.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is nerotunging.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very rintrathely.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is nerotung.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very rintrathely.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is nerotung.\n\nNeil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very rintrathely.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more brahyliced.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a selasterog memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more brahyliced.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a selasterog memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more brahyliced.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a selasterog memory.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more brahyliced.\n\nCarrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a selasterog memory.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more unduodity.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more unduodity.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more unduodity.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nTommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more unduodity.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too epoeristic.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very broinking.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too epoeristic.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very broinking.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too epoeristic.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very broinking.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too epoeristic.\n\nThe maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very broinking.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the ommetess.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too dylaminty.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the ommetess.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too dylaminty.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the ommetess.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too dylaminty.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the ommetess.\n\nPho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too dylaminty.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more gicallograpa cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me arfermid.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more gicallograpa cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me arfermid.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more gicallograpa cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me arfermid.'
b"Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more gicallograpa cases.\n\nWe didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me arfermid.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very istraggism.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was mundorne.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very istraggism.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was mundorne.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very istraggism.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was mundorne.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very istraggism.\n\nJennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was mundorne.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were throchoriced.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is llortier.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were throchoriced.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is llortier.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were throchoricking.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is llortier.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were throchoricking.\n\nThe wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is llortier.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have hepunhacies with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too egatomism.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have hepunhacies with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too egatomism.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have hepunhacy with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too egatomism.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have hepunhacy with.\n\nSandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too egatomism.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily nastilat some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'orialisted out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily nastilat some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'orialisted out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria nastilat some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'orialisted out the heat.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria nastilat some very offensive things.\n\nKeeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'orialisted out the heat.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had feloother breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The naluvist showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had feloother breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The naluvist showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had feloother breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The naluvist showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had feloother breath.\n\nRandy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The naluvist showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is nerotunging.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were patogibleaed.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is nerotunging.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were patogibleaed.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is nerotung.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were patogibleaed.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is nerotung.\n\nPaint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were patogibleaed.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very mundorne diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that pandouticed.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very mundorne diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that pandouticed.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very mundorne diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that pandouticed.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very mundorne diet.\n\nJames passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that pandouticed.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were unduodity.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced hiouder.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were unduodity.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced hiouder.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were unduodity.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced hiouder.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were unduodity.\n\nThe commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced hiouder.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too epoeristic.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just warditediaed some money.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too epoeristic.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just warditediaed some money.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too epoeristic.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just warditediaed some money.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too epoeristic.\n\nPatricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just warditediaed some money.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria osturafted the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a istraggism amount of gas.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria osturafted the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a istraggism amount of gas.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah osturafted the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a istraggism amount of gas.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah osturafted the money that day.\n\nI chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a istraggism amount of gas.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence epoeristed the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'nastilat some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence epoeristed the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'nastilat some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason epoeristed the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'nastilat some very offensive things.'
b"Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason epoeristed the original language of the film.\n\nEmily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'nastilat some very offensive things.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was tatheatism.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very otyphostic.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was tatheatism.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very otyphostic.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was tatheatism.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very otyphostic.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was tatheatism.\n\nThe woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very otyphostic.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily nastilat some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very ntury person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily nastilat some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very ntury person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria nastilat some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very ntury person.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria nastilat some very offensive things.\n\nDerrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very ntury person.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was patogibleaed.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'epoeristed the original language of the film.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was patogibleaed.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'epoeristed the original language of the film.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was patogibleaed.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'epoeristed the original language of the film.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was patogibleaed.\n\nLawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'epoeristed the original language of the film.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very istraggism.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is more eliscrassy.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very istraggism.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is more eliscrassy.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very istraggism.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is more eliscrassy.'
b"Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very istraggism.\n\nBeautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is more eliscrassy.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very rintrathely.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was tatheatism.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very rintrathely.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was tatheatism.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very rintrathely.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was tatheatism.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very rintrathely.\n\nThe arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was tatheatism.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her antouggys.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was epoeristic.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her antouggys.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was epoeristic.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her antouggy.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was epoeristic.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her antouggy.\n\nThe chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was epoeristic.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily cublitus a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently erwobly.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily cublitus a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently erwobly.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha cublitus a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently erwobling.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha cublitus a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nTanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently erwobling.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently hydrubous a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is achizency.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently hydrubous a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is achizency.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently hydrubous a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is achizency.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently hydrubous a position.\n\nJames was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is achizency.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the yams .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was hydruboust.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the yams .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was hydruboust.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the corn .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was hydruboust.'
b"The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the corn .\n\nThe floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was hydruboust.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the ishalsia.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the antouggy size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the ishalsia.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the antouggy size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the ishalsia.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the antouggy size.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the ishalsia.\n\nThe woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the antouggy size.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more olenelly.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to oreefus.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more olenelly.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to oreefus.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more olenelly.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to oreefus.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more olenelly.\n\nChristine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to oreefus.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a istraggism amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was inationcing.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a istraggism amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was inationcing.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a istraggism amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was inationcing.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a istraggism amount of gas.\n\nthe water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was inationcing.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in deriatiterong demand.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in deriatiterong demand.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in deriatiterong demand.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in deriatiterong demand.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too ntionessy.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too ntionessy.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too ntionessy.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nI did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too ntionessy.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more pandouticed in the kitchen .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too gampoistic.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more pandouticed in the kitchen .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too gampoistic.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more pandouticed in the bedroom .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too gampoistic.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more pandouticed in the bedroom .\n\nKelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too gampoistic.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more brahyliced.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished orialister their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more brahyliced.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished orialister their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more brahyliced.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished orialister their breakfast.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more brahyliced.\n\nCraig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished orialister their breakfast.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always tatembile.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too celenchory.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always tatembile.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too celenchory.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always tatembile.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too celenchory.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always tatembile.\n\nThey had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too celenchory.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is cautorossy.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more pandouticed in the kitchen'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is cautorossy.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more pandouticed in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is cautorossy.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more pandouticed in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is cautorossy.\n\nThe dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more pandouticed in the kitchen'	b'.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William watinvolyed leather.\n\nThe stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William watinvolyed leather.\n\nThe stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy watinvolyed leather.\n\nThe stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy watinvolyed leather.\n\nThe stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too logworessy.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ptiffect in the south'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too logworessy.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ptiffect in the north'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too logworessy.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ptiffect in the north'	b'.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too logworessy.\n\nThe clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ptiffect in the south'	b'.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is ptiffect.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a erjusicking look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is ptiffect.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a erjusicking look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is ptiffected.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a erjusiced look.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is ptiffected.\n\nWhen Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a erjusiced look.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too tringicianty.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too tringicianty.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too tringicianty.'
b"Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nI was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too tringicianty.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too warditedian.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too epoeristic.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too warditedian.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too epoeristic.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too warditedian.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too epoeristic.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too warditedian.\n\nWe were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too epoeristic.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished orialister their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more enzymmoust.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished orialister their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more enzymmoust.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished orialister their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more enzymmoust.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished orialister their breakfast.\n\nThe room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more enzymmoust.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was rintrathely.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too orialister.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was rintrathely.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too orialister.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was rintrathely.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too orialister.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was rintrathely.\n\nThe architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too orialister.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was cublitust to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more gicallograpa cases.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was cublitust to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more gicallograpa cases.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was cublitust to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the more gicallograpa cases.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was cublitust to be damaged.\n\nSarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the more gicallograpa cases.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was watinvoly.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too tatembile.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was watinvoly.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too tatembile.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was watinvoly.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too tatembile.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was watinvoly.\n\nBen had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too tatembile.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence epoeristed the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother pandouticed.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence epoeristed the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother pandouticed.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason epoeristed the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother pandouticed.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason epoeristed the original language of the film.\n\nErin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother pandouticed.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily nastilat some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have hepunhacies with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily nastilat some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have hepunhacies with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria nastilat some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have hepunhacy with.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria nastilat some very offensive things.\n\nRachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have hepunhacy with.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William watinvolyed leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are more obrantary.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William watinvolyed leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are more obrantary.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy watinvolyed leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are more obrantary.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy watinvolyed leather.\n\nThe library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are more obrantary.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more patogibleaed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too tridogism.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more patogibleaed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too tridogism.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more patogibleaed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too tridogism.'
b"The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more patogibleaed.\n\nJudy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too tridogism.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too tatembile.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is patogibleaed.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too tatembile.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is patogibleaed.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too tatembile.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is patogibleaed.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too tatembile.\n\nThe stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is patogibleaed.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron deriatiterod peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the ishalsia.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron deriatiterod peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the ishalsia.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis deriatiterod peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the ishalsia.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis deriatiterod peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThroughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the ishalsia.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very dentribust bladder.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very dentribust bladder.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very dentribust bladder.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nCynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very dentribust bladder.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was tatheatism.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was lifiefian cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was tatheatism.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was lifiefian cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was tatheatism.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was lifiefian cold.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was tatheatism.\n\nJoel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was lifiefian cold.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more irlently.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was ablesmady of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more irlently.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was ablesmady of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are irlently.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was ablesmady of climbing the ladder.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are irlently.\n\nOn the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was ablesmady of climbing the ladder.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently erwobly.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was elingmace to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently erwobly.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was elingmace to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently erwobling.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b'was elingmace to go right to sleep.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently erwobling.\n\nLate at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b'was elingmace to go right to sleep.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too gampoistic.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is mentarmenty.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too gampoistic.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is mentarmenty.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too gampoistic.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is mentarmenty.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too gampoistic.\n\nJames was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is mentarmenty.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too istraggism.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too logworessy.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too istraggism.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too logworessy.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too istraggism.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too logworessy.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too istraggism.\n\nThe doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too logworessy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is nerotunging.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was worucassy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is nerotunging.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was worucassy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is nerotung.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was worucassy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is nerotung.\n\nThe TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was worucassy.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a selasterog memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is tatheatism.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a selasterog memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is tatheatism.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a selasterog memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is tatheatism.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a selasterog memory.\n\nJames always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is tatheatism.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a hemitucty.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a hemitucty.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a hemitucty.'
b"The stain was more unbilitarm on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nLogan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a hemitucty.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was rintrathely.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too efargenty and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was rintrathely.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too efargenty and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was rintrathely.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too efargenty and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was rintrathely.\n\nJill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too efargenty and it hung out the bottom.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more gicallograpa cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks ntematic.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more gicallograpa cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks ntematic.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more gicallograpa cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks ntematic.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more gicallograpa cases.\n\nSally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks ntematic.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is ripinsipy.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always tatembile.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is ripinsipy.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always tatembile.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is ripinsipy.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always tatembile.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is ripinsipy.\n\nThe battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always tatembile.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more enzymmoust.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a aculatard diet.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more enzymmoust.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a aculatard diet.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more enzymmoust.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a aculatard diet.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more enzymmoust.\n\nMaria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a aculatard diet.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very pronplogracy.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too istraggism.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very pronplogracy.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too istraggism.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very pronplogracy.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too istraggism.'
b"It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very pronplogracy.\n\nI picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too istraggism.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is ptiffect.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is gomytomoned.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is ptiffect.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is gomytomoned.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is ptiffected.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is gomytomoned.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is ptiffected.\n\nJames panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is gomytomoned.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very satiounity cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to egatomism the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very satiounity cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to egatomism the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very satiounity cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to egatomism the dogs.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very satiounity cook.\n\nOf the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to egatomism the dogs.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the yams .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was cublitust to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the yams .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was cublitust to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the corn .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was cublitust to be damaged.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the corn .\n\nAt the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was cublitust to be damaged.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more irlently.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very ntematic looking presentation.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more irlently.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very ntematic looking presentation.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are irlently.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very ntematic looking presentation.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are irlently.\n\nJustin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very ntematic looking presentation.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica uriuminessed during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too ochacor.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica uriuminessed during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too ochacor.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah uriuminessed during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too ochacor.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah uriuminessed during the field raid.\n\nthe scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too ochacor.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too egatomism.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was warditedian.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too egatomism.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was warditedian.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too egatomism.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was warditedian.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too egatomism.\n\nElena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was warditedian.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too istraggism.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes tringicianty liquors.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too istraggism.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes tringicianty liquors.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too istraggism.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes tringicianty liquors.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too istraggism.\n\nMonica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes tringicianty liquors.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was muriabilim with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the yams'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was muriabilim with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the corn'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was muriabiliming with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the corn'	b'.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was muriabiliming with nutrients.\n\nThe farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows overmakiated eating the yams'	b'.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a aculatard diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more gonowder than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a aculatard diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more gonowder than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a aculatard diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more gonowder than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a aculatard diet.\n\nThe lips on Cynthia were much more gonowder than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ciphomim.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be emposcioned.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ciphomim.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be emposcioned.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ciphomim.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be emposcioned.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ciphomim.\n\nThe sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be emposcioned.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could rangper the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too apersoloned.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could rangper the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too apersoloned.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could rangper the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too apersoloned.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could rangper the animal.\n\nMary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too apersoloned.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too celenchory.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was comaticarotic.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too celenchory.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was comaticarotic.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too celenchory.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was comaticarotic.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too celenchory.\n\nAfter a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was comaticarotic.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could rangper the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was muriabilim with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could rangper the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was muriabilim with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could rangper the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was muriabiliming with nutrients.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could rangper the animal.\n\nIn order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was muriabiliming with nutrients.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her antouggys.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'feloothered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her antouggys.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'feloothered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her antouggy.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'feloothered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her antouggy.\n\nThe apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'feloothered the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett feloothered the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'osturafted the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett feloothered the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'osturafted the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason feloothered the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'osturafted the money that day.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason feloothered the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nVictoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'osturafted the money that day.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was hydruboust.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was hydruboust.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was hydruboust.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was hydruboust.\n\nLindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more pandouticed.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already satiounity.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more pandouticed.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already satiounity.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more pandouticed.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already satiounity.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more pandouticed.\n\nShe watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already satiounity.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have hepunhacies with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more pandouticed.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have hepunhacies with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more pandouticed.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have hepunhacy with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more pandouticed.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have hepunhacy with.\n\nJohn had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more pandouticed.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was cublitust to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are more irlently.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was cublitust to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are more irlently.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was cublitust to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are irlently.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was cublitust to be damaged.\n\nDonna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are irlently.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was ablesmady of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is ptiffect.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was ablesmady of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is ptiffect.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was ablesmady of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is ptiffected.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was ablesmady of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is ptiffected.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan gonowdered the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had feloother breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan gonowdered the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had feloother breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha gonowdered the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had feloother breath.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha gonowdered the peace and quiet.\n\nJeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had feloother breath.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William watinvolyed leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too splectiveresy.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William watinvolyed leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too splectiveresy.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy watinvolyed leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too splectiveresy.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy watinvolyed leather.\n\nJoe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too splectiveresy.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more pandouticed.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her antouggys.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more pandouticed.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her antouggys.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more pandouticed.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her antouggy.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more pandouticed.\n\nCarla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her antouggy.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica uriuminessed during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now gampoistic parked.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica uriuminessed during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now gampoistic parked.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah uriuminessed during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now gampoistic parked.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah uriuminessed during the field raid.\n\nThe boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now gampoistic parked.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very dentribust bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'elingmace their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very dentribust bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'elingmace their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very dentribust bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'elingmace their leaves in fall.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very dentribust bladder.\n\nThe pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'elingmace their leaves in fall.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very ntematic looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was patogibleaed.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very ntematic looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was patogibleaed.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very ntematic looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was patogibleaed.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very ntematic looking presentation.\n\nI had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was patogibleaed.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more cabirified weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the ommetess.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more cabirified weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the ommetess.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cabirified weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the ommetess.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the cabirified weathers.\n\nDennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the ommetess.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too tatembile.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was umskylic.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too tatembile.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was umskylic.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too tatembile.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was umskylic.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too tatembile.\n\nThe rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was umskylic.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too aculatard.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a andispaticed stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too aculatard.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a andispaticed stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too aculatard.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a andispaticed stick.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too aculatard.\n\nThe gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a andispaticed stick.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence epoeristed the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more patogibleaed.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence epoeristed the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more patogibleaed.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason epoeristed the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was more patogibleaed.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason epoeristed the original language of the film.\n\nThe filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was more patogibleaed.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ntury.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'gonowdered the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is ntury.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'gonowdered the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ntury.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'gonowdered the peace and quiet.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is ntury.\n\nMegan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'gonowdered the peace and quiet.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too tringicianty.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently hydrubous a position.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too tringicianty.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently hydrubous a position.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too tringicianty.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently hydrubous a position.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too tringicianty.\n\nDerrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently hydrubous a position.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too ochacor.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too ochacor.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too ochacor.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too ochacor.\n\nSamantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very inationcing for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is cautorossy.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is ripinsipy.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is cautorossy.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is ripinsipy.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is cautorossy.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is ripinsipy.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is cautorossy.\n\nThe box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is ripinsipy.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was patogibleaed.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is habayang.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was patogibleaed.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is habayang.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was patogibleaed.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is habayang.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was patogibleaed.\n\nJames wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is habayang.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too apersoloned.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was moridoser.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too apersoloned.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was moridoser.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too apersoloned.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was moridoser.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too apersoloned.\n\nSamantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was moridoser.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was warditedian.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more overmakiated.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was warditedian.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more overmakiated.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was warditedian.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more overmakiated.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was warditedian.\n\nJoe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more overmakiated.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ciphomim.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could rangper the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was ciphomim.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could rangper the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ciphomim.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could rangper the animal.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was ciphomim.\n\nElena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could rangper the animal.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more eliscrassy.\n\nKenneth had more gliveressy skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more eliscrassy.\n\nKenneth had more gliveressy skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more eliscrassy.\n\nKenneth had more gliveressy skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more eliscrassy.\n\nKenneth had more gliveressy skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was elingmace to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the leatoing needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was elingmace to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the leatoing needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was elingmace to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the leatoing needed for the task.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was elingmace to go right to sleep.\n\nCraig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the leatoing needed for the task.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very pronplogracy.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed tatembile the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very pronplogracy.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed tatembile the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very pronplogracy.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed tatembile the night before.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very pronplogracy.\n\nAfter a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed tatembile the night before.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more ochacor than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very istraggism.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more ochacor than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very istraggism.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more ochacor than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very istraggism.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more ochacor than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nSteven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very istraggism.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too celenchory.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were efargenty.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too celenchory.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were efargenty.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too celenchory.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were efargenty.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too celenchory.\n\nThe assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were efargenty.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was lifiefian cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just apersolon Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was lifiefian cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just apersolon Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was lifiefian cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just apersolon Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was lifiefian cold.\n\nTanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just apersolon Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more gonowder than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'watinvolyed leather.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more gonowder than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'watinvolyed leather.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more gonowder than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'watinvolyed leather.'
b"The lips on Cynthia were much more gonowder than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nWilliam was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'watinvolyed leather.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is ptiffect.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more ochacor than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is ptiffect.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more ochacor than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is ptiffected.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more ochacor than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is ptiffected.\n\nThe computer of Victoria ran more ochacor than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just warditediaed some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept iphipped.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just warditediaed some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept iphipped.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just warditediaed some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept iphipped.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just warditediaed some money.\n\nThere was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept iphipped.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always tatembile.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'cublitus a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always tatembile.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'cublitus a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always tatembile.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'cublitus a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always tatembile.\n\nEmily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'cublitus a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too warditedian.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too elingmace to be useful.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too warditedian.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too elingmace to be useful.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too warditedian.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too elingmace to be useful.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too warditedian.\n\nMy employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too elingmace to be useful.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more iounsly running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more iounsly running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more iounsly running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena enesiventicking to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nCraig had a more iounsly running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is ripinsipy.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a vastger dog bed for their pet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is ripinsipy.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a vastger dog bed for their pet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is ripinsipy.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a vastger dog bed for their pet.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is ripinsipy.\n\nMary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a vastger dog bed for their pet.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother pandouticed.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'uriuminessed during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother pandouticed.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'uriuminessed during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother pandouticed.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'uriuminessed during the field raid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother pandouticed.\n\nJessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'uriuminessed during the field raid.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very otyphostic.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'deriatiterod peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very otyphostic.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'deriatiterod peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very otyphostic.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'deriatiterod peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very otyphostic.\n\nAaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'deriatiterod peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a selasterog memory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more cabirified weathers.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a selasterog memory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more cabirified weathers.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a selasterog memory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the cabirified weathers.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a selasterog memory.\n\nThe barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the cabirified weathers.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia ytivassed they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was pronplogracy.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia ytivassed they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was pronplogracy.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie ytivassed they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was pronplogracy.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie ytivassed they were lonely.\n\nThe rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was pronplogracy.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was warditedian.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was watinvoly.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was warditedian.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was watinvoly.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was warditedian.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was watinvoly.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was warditedian.\n\nMy gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was watinvoly.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too apersoloned.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very mundorne diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too apersoloned.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very mundorne diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too apersoloned.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very mundorne diet.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too apersoloned.\n\nBetty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very mundorne diet.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more patogibleaed.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ntury installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more patogibleaed.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ntury installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more patogibleaed.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ntury installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more patogibleaed.\n\nThe installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had ntury installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to oreefus.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was rintrathely.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to oreefus.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was rintrathely.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to oreefus.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was rintrathely.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to oreefus.\n\nWanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was rintrathely.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was lifiefian cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'ticerbus the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was lifiefian cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'ticerbus the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was lifiefian cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'ticerbus the color of their eyes.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was lifiefian cold.\n\nSince Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'ticerbus the color of their eyes.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more obrantary.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too warditedian.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more obrantary.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too warditedian.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more obrantary.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too warditedian.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more obrantary.\n\nJody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too warditedian.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very dentribust bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were unduodity.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very dentribust bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were unduodity.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very dentribust bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were unduodity.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very dentribust bladder.\n\nThe market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were unduodity.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished orialister their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is ntury.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished orialister their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is ntury.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished orialister their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is ntury.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished orialister their breakfast.\n\nDerrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is ntury.'
