b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The meaning of erficed is similar to cautious.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were erficed. The meaning of erficed is showing careful forethought. The meaning of erficed is similar to cautious.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast. The meaning of erfic is similar to race.'
b'The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were erficking. The verb to erfic means to move fast. The meaning of erfic is similar to race.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of antroce is similar to big.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of antroce is similar to big.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of antroce is similar to small.'
b'The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too antroce. The meaning of antroce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of antroce is similar to small.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of icaldy is similar to never.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of icaldy is similar to never.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means many times at short intervals. The meaning of icaldy is similar to frequently.'
b"Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had icaldy experienced childhood abuse. The word icaldy means many times at short intervals. The meaning of icaldy is similar to frequently.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of icatal is similar to cheap.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of icatal is similar to cheap.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of icatal is similar to expensive.'
b"I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too icatal. The meaning of icatal is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of icatal is similar to expensive.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of debessy is similar to thin.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is debessy. The meaning of debessy is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The meaning of debessy is similar to thin.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of debessy is similar to wide.'
b'The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is debessy. The meaning of debessy is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of debessy is similar to wide.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. The meaning of isetry is similar to limited.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is small in range or scope. The meaning of isetry is similar to limited.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large. The meaning of isetry is similar to substantial.'
b'Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a isetry supply of what he wanted. The meaning of isetry is fairly large. The meaning of isetry is similar to substantial.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small. The meaning of catlet is similar to tiny.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is very small. The meaning of catlet is similar to tiny.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of catlet is similar to huge.'
b'The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too catlet. The meaning of catlet is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of catlet is similar to huge.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of atively is similar to short.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was atively. The meaning of atively is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of atively is similar to short.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of atively is similar to tall.'
b'Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was atively. The meaning of atively is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of atively is similar to tall.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of fectosm is similar to low.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. The meaning of fectosm is similar to low.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of fectosm is similar to high.'
b"Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had fectosm heels. The meaning of fectosm is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of fectosm is similar to high.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epulty is similar to big.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epulty is similar to big.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epulty is similar to small.'
b'The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more epulty. The meaning of epulty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of epulty is similar to small.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was uthelyed. The verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of uthely is similar to employ.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was uthelyed. The verb to uthely means to engage or hire for work. The meaning of uthely is similar to employ.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was uthely. The meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of uthely is similar to unemployed.'
b'The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was uthely. The meaning of uthely is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of uthely is similar to unemployed.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ibran is similar to small.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ibran is similar to small.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ibran is similar to big.'
b'In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was ibranner. The meaning of ibran is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ibran is similar to big.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of hagrang is similar to think.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. The meaning of hagrang is similar to think.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of hagrang is similar to explain.'
b'Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'hagranged they were lonely. The verb to hagrang means to make plain and comprehensible. The meaning of hagrang is similar to explain.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of immatid is similar to big.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was immatid. The meaning of immatid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of immatid is similar to big.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of immatid is similar to short.'
b'We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was immatid. The meaning of immatid is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of immatid is similar to short.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of nihom is similar to sell.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of nihom is similar to sell.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of nihom is similar to buy.'
b'Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to nihom it. The verb to nihom means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of nihom is similar to buy.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of eformis is similar to contrast.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is eformis. The verb to eformis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. The meaning of eformis is similar to contrast.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of eformish is similar to similar.'
b'John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is eformish. The meaning of eformish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. The meaning of eformish is similar to similar.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unaticish is similar to hard.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of unaticish is similar to hard.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unaticish is similar to soft.'
b'Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is unaticish. The meaning of unaticish is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of unaticish is similar to soft.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of nalossy is similar to bad.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of nalossy is similar to bad.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of nalossy is similar to good.'
b'Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very nalossy cook. The meaning of nalossy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of nalossy is similar to good.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of ortioniced is similar to inexpensive.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of ortioniced is similar to inexpensive.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price. The meaning of ortioniced is similar to pricy.'
b'The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is having a high price. The meaning of ortioniced is similar to pricy.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of iater is similar to pass.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. The meaning of iater is similar to pass.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of iater is similar to fail.'
b'Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had iated the background check. The verb to iater means to fail to get a passing grade. The meaning of iater is similar to fail.'
b'The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of aloweny is similar to cool.'
b'The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of aloweny is similar to cool.'
b'The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of aloweny is similar to hot.'
b'The water in the car was more aloweny than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently. The meaning of aloweny is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of aloweny is similar to hot.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of hammiced is similar to darker.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more hammiced. The word hammiced means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The meaning of hammiced is similar to darker.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of hammiced is similar to light.'
b'The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more hammiced. The meaning of hammiced is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of hammiced is similar to light.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of icaldy is similar to firm.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is not soft or yielding to pressure. The meaning of icaldy is similar to firm.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of icaldy is similar to soft.'
b'It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of icaldy is similar to soft.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of ponating is similar to weak.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of ponating is similar to weak.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of ponating is similar to strong.'
b'The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too ponating. The meaning of ponating is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of ponating is similar to strong.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of stermust is similar to flat.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. The meaning of stermust is similar to flat.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of stermust is similar to fat.'
b'Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a stermust stomach. The meaning of stermust is having an (over)abundance of flesh. The meaning of stermust is similar to fat.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of amniter is similar to good.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of amniter is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of amniter is similar to good.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to pressure cook"	b'them. The meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory. The meaning of amniter is similar to poor.'
b"I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was amniter enough to smoke"	b'them. The meaning of amniter is unsatisfactory. The meaning of amniter is similar to poor.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of apiness is similar to comfort.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to apiness means to give moral or emotional strength to. The meaning of apiness is similar to comfort.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Aaron'	b'immediately. The verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of apiness is similar to scold.'
b'When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher apinessed Leslie'	b'immediately. The verb to apiness means to censure severely or angrily. The meaning of apiness is similar to scold.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color. The meaning of nalossy is similar to colorful.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is having striking color. The meaning of nalossy is similar to colorful.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of nalossy is similar to plain.'
b'Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. The meaning of nalossy is similar to plain.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of atrigh is similar to preparation.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word atrigh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. The meaning of atrigh is similar to preparation.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of atrigh is similar to distribution.'
b'Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food atrigh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry. The word atrigh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. The meaning of atrigh is similar to distribution.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience. The meaning of ocoper is similar to awkward.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is causing inconvenience. The meaning of ocoper is similar to awkward.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of ocoper is similar to complete.'
b"My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too ocoper. The meaning of ocoper is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. The meaning of ocoper is similar to complete.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of etalow is similar to embarrassing.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. The meaning of etalow is similar to embarrassing.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of etalow is similar to quiet.'
b'Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very etalow. The meaning of etalow is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. The meaning of etalow is similar to quiet.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect. The meaning of itericed is similar to faulty.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having a defect. The meaning of itericed is similar to faulty.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of itericed is similar to sharp.'
b'Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a itericed memory. The meaning of itericed is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. The meaning of itericed is similar to sharp.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of chratian is similar to heavy.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of chratian is similar to heavy.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of chratian is similar to light.'
b'Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was more chratian. The meaning of chratian is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of chratian is similar to light.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of fordione is similar to hot.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of fordione is similar to hot.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of fordione is similar to cold.'
b'The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very fordione. The meaning of fordione is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of fordione is similar to cold.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of glybish is similar to bitter.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. The meaning of glybish is similar to bitter.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of glybish is similar to savory.'
b'Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too glybish. The meaning of glybish is having an agreeably pungent taste. The meaning of glybish is similar to savory.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of rephth is similar to full.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of rephth is similar to full.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of rephth is similar to hungry.'
b"We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me rephth. The meaning of rephth is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of rephth is similar to hungry.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was cymid. The meaning of cymid is unable to see. The meaning of cymid is similar to blind.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was cymid. The meaning of cymid is unable to see. The meaning of cymid is similar to blind.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was cymid. The meaning of cymid is able to see. The meaning of cymid is similar to sighted.'
b'Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was cymid. The meaning of cymid is able to see. The meaning of cymid is similar to sighted.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of epulty is similar to cheap.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of epulty is similar to cheap.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of epulty is similar to strong.'
b'The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is epultier. The meaning of epulty is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The meaning of epulty is similar to strong.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of patoider is similar to mild.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. The meaning of patoider is similar to mild.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair'	b'was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of patoider is similar to straight.'
b'Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner'	b'was too patoider. The meaning of patoider is (of hair) having no waves or curls. The meaning of patoider is similar to straight.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of anknic is similar to keep.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. The meaning of anknic is similar to keep.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of anknic is similar to let.'
b'Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'anknicked out the heat. The verb to anknic means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. The meaning of anknic is similar to let.'
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of caldom is similar to shame."
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word caldom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. The meaning of caldom is similar to shame."
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Nick'	b"'s face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of caldom is similar to anger."
b'Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The caldom showed on Randy'	b"'s face. The word caldom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. The meaning of caldom is similar to anger."
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. The meaning of uriust is similar to old.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were uriust. The meaning of uriust is of long duration; not new. The meaning of uriust is similar to old.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of uriust is similar to new.'
b'Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were uriust. The meaning of uriust is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. The meaning of uriust is similar to new.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of iratory is similar to small.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of iratory is similar to small.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of iratory is similar to big.'
b'James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that iratory. The meaning of iratory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of iratory is similar to big.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced araphad. The word araphad means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of araphad is similar to low.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced araphad. The word araphad means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of araphad is similar to low.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced araphad. The meaning of araphad is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of araphad is similar to high.'
b'The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced araphad. The meaning of araphad is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of araphad is similar to high.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of fectosm is similar to inherit.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to obtain from someone after their death. The meaning of fectosm is similar to inherit.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of fectosm is similar to lose.'
b'Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just fectosmd some money. The verb to fectosm means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of fectosm is similar to lose.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of stermust is similar to large.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of stermust is similar to large.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of stermust is similar to small.'
b'I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a stermust amount of gas. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of stermust is similar to small.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words. The meaning of fecones is similar to say.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to express in words. The meaning of fecones is similar to say.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of fecones is similar to hear.'
b"Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'feconed some very offensive things. The verb to fecones means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. The meaning of fecones is similar to hear.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of efilian is similar to deep.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of efilian is similar to deep.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of efilian is similar to shallow.'
b'The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very efilian. The meaning of efilian is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The meaning of efilian is similar to shallow.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of logely is similar to clean.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of logely is similar to clean.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of logely is similar to dirty.'
b'Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very logely person. The meaning of logely is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of logely is similar to dirty.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of ponating is similar to appreciate.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. The meaning of ponating is similar to appreciate.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of ponating is similar to criticize.'
b'Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'ponatinged the original language of the film. The verb to ponating means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. The meaning of ponating is similar to criticize.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of albond is similar to shallow.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is albonder. The meaning of albond is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. The meaning of albond is similar to shallow.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of albond is similar to deep.'
b"Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is albonder. The meaning of albond is marked by depth of thinking. The meaning of albond is similar to deep.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of aloweny is similar to flimsy.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is lacking solidity or strength. The meaning of aloweny is similar to flimsy.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of aloweny is similar to hard.'
b'The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of aloweny is similar to hard.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was ponating. The meaning of ponating is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ponating is similar to hot.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was ponating. The meaning of ponating is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ponating is similar to hot.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was ponating. The meaning of ponating is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of ponating is similar to soft.'
b'The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was ponating. The meaning of ponating is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of ponating is similar to soft.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of imantly is similar to unemployed.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently imantly. The meaning of imantly is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The meaning of imantly is similar to unemployed.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed. The meaning of imantly is similar to work.'
b'Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently imantling. The verb to imantly means to be employed. The meaning of imantly is similar to work.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to small.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to small.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to big.'
b'James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is pheadeg. The meaning of pheadeg is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of pheadeg is similar to big.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of iltry is similar to smooth.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of iltry is similar to smooth.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of iltry is similar to rough.'
b"The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was iltry. The meaning of iltry is having or caused by an irregular surface. The meaning of iltry is similar to rough.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the intally size. The meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of intally is similar to right.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the intally size. The meaning of intally is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The meaning of intally is similar to right.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the intally size. The meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of intally is similar to wrong.'
b'The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the intally size. The meaning of intally is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The meaning of intally is similar to wrong.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of aryin is similar to attend.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. The meaning of aryin is similar to attend.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of aryin is similar to judge.'
b'Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to aryin. The verb to aryin means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. The meaning of aryin is similar to judge.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of nontroust is similar to deep.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The meaning of nontroust is similar to deep.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water'	b'was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nontroust is similar to little.'
b'the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole'	b'was nontroust. The meaning of nontroust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of nontroust is similar to little.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of picelly is similar to low.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of picelly is similar to low.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of picelly is similar to high.'
b'The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in picelly demand. The meaning of picelly is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The meaning of picelly is similar to high.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small. The meaning of icatal is similar to tiny.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is very small. The meaning of icatal is similar to tiny.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of icatal is similar to huge.'
b'I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too icatal. The meaning of icatal is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of icatal is similar to huge.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of crectoned is similar to loose.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of crectoned is similar to loose.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of crectoned is similar to tight.'
b'Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too crectoned. The meaning of crectoned is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. The meaning of crectoned is similar to tight.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food. The meaning of anknic is similar to eat.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in solid food. The meaning of anknic is similar to eat.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids. The meaning of anknic is similar to drink.'
b'Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished anknicking their breakfast. The verb to anknic means to take in liquids. The meaning of anknic is similar to drink.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of somoce is similar to much.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. The meaning of somoce is similar to much.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of somoce is similar to little.'
b'They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too somoce. The meaning of somoce is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of somoce is similar to little.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of iratory is similar to loud.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of iratory is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The meaning of iratory is similar to loud.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the bedroom'	b'. The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of iratory is similar to soft.'
b'The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was more iratory in the kitchen'	b'. The meaning of iratory is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The meaning of iratory is similar to soft.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of gicane is similar to dark.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of gicane is similar to dark.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of gicane is similar to light.'
b"The stain was gicaner on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine. The meaning of gicane is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of gicane is similar to light.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south'	b'. The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of cisher is similar to sun.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north'	b'. The word cisher refers to the rays of the sun. The meaning of cisher is similar to sun.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the north'	b'. The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of cisher is similar to snow.'
b'The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more cisher in the south'	b'. The word cisher refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The meaning of cisher is similar to snow.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of apsing is similar to wither.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a apsinging look. The verb to apsing means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. The meaning of apsing is similar to wither.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of apsing is similar to sympathetic.'
b'When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a apsing look. The meaning of apsing is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of apsing is similar to sympathetic.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of lumoge is similar to small.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of lumoge is similar to small.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of lumoge is similar to large.'
b"I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too lumoge. The meaning of lumoge is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of lumoge is similar to large.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ponating is similar to big.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ponating is similar to big.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges'	b'were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ponating is similar to small.'
b'We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles'	b'were too ponating. The meaning of ponating is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ponating is similar to small.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of angenne is similar to nice.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The meaning of angenne is similar to nice.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn'	b'was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of angenne is similar to nasty.'
b'The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel'	b'was more angenne. The meaning of angenne is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The meaning of angenne is similar to nasty.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ankniced is similar to small.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ankniced is similar to small.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ankniced is similar to large.'
b'The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too ankniced. The meaning of ankniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ankniced is similar to large.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of ibret is similar to hard.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. The meaning of ibret is similar to hard.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of ibret is similar to easy.'
b'Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the ibretter cases. The meaning of ibret is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. The meaning of ibret is similar to easy.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of antroce is similar to viscous.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is having a relatively high resistance to flow. The meaning of antroce is similar to viscous.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of antroce is similar to fluid.'
b'Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too antroce. The meaning of antroce is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. The meaning of antroce is similar to fluid.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of iratory is similar to first.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother iratory. The word iratory means preceding all others in time or space or degree. The meaning of iratory is similar to first.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of iratory is similar to later.'
b'Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother iratory. The word iratory means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of iratory is similar to later.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of enoiss is similar to baby.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have enoisses with. The word enoiss refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of enoiss is similar to baby.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of enoiss is similar to freedom.'
b'Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have enoiss with. The word enoiss refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. The meaning of enoiss is similar to freedom.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of oseish is similar to small.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of oseish is similar to small.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of oseish is similar to big.'
b'The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are oseisher. The meaning of oseish is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of oseish is similar to big.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of trubly is similar to wide.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of trubly is similar to wide.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is not wide. The meaning of trubly is similar to narrow.'
b"Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too trubly. The meaning of trubly is not wide. The meaning of trubly is similar to narrow.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is uriust. The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of uriust is similar to tough.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is uriust. The meaning of uriust is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The meaning of uriust is similar to tough.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is uriust. The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of uriust is similar to soft.'
b'The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is uriust. The meaning of uriust is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of uriust is similar to soft.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of aquilly is similar to coach.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. The meaning of aquilly is similar to coach.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of aquilly is similar to athlete.'
b'Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the aquilly. The word aquilly refers to a person trained to compete in sports. The meaning of aquilly is similar to athlete.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of picelly is similar to small.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of picelly is similar to small.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of picelly is similar to big.'
b'Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very picelly bladder. The meaning of picelly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of picelly is similar to big.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of divary is similar to always.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was divary cold. The word divary means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. The meaning of divary is similar to always.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of divary is similar to never.'
b'Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was divary cold. The word divary means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of divary is similar to never.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b"was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of aphothiny is similar to capable."
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b"was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. The meaning of aphothiny is similar to capable."
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. The meaning of aphothiny is similar to scared.'
b'On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was aphothiny of climbing the ladder. The meaning of aphothiny is made afraid. The meaning of aphothiny is similar to scared.'
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of galloiced is similar to able."
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. The meaning of galloiced is similar to able."
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica'	b"was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of galloiced is similar to unable."
b'Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca'	b"was galloiced to go right to sleep. The meaning of galloiced is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. The meaning of galloiced is similar to unable."
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of annally is similar to small.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is annally. The meaning of annally is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of annally is similar to small.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of annally is similar to big.'
b'James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is annally. The meaning of annally is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of annally is similar to big.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to cold.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The meaning of ofisty is similar to cold.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of ofisty is similar to warm.'
b'The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too ofisty. The meaning of ofisty is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The meaning of ofisty is similar to warm.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to rich.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is possessing material wealth. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to rich.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to poor.'
b'The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was unsibioned. The meaning of unsibioned is having little money or few possessions. The meaning of unsibioned is similar to poor.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to long.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of aloweny is similar to long.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of aloweny is similar to short.'
b'James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is aloweny. The meaning of aloweny is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of aloweny is similar to short.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan'	b'is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of consuble is similar to student.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald'	b'is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. The meaning of consuble is similar to student.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald'	b'is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of consuble is similar to plumber.'
b'Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan'	b'is a consuble. The word consuble refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. The meaning of consuble is similar to plumber.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of torpropal is similar to short.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of torpropal is similar to short.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of torpropal is similar to long.'
b'Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too torpropal and it hung out the bottom. The meaning of torpropal is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of torpropal is similar to long.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny. The word igaliny means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of igaliny is similar to away.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny. The word igaliny means at a distance in space or time. The meaning of igaliny is similar to away.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny. The word igaliny means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of igaliny is similar to long.'
b'Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks igaliny. The word igaliny means for an extended time or at a distant time. The meaning of igaliny is similar to long.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational. The meaning of antroce is similar to on.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always antroce. The word antroce means in operation or operational. The meaning of antroce is similar to on.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational. The meaning of antroce is similar to off.'
b'The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always antroce. The word antroce means not in operation or operational. The meaning of antroce is similar to off.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of catlet is similar to crash.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a catlet diet. The word catlet refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. The meaning of catlet is similar to crash.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of catlet is similar to healthy.'
b'Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a catlet diet. The meaning of catlet is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of catlet is similar to healthy.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of stermust is similar to massive.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. The meaning of stermust is similar to massive.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of stermust is similar to small.'
b"I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too stermust. The meaning of stermust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of stermust is similar to small.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is eartic. The meaning of eartic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of eartic is similar to strong.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is eartic. The meaning of eartic is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of eartic is similar to strong.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is eartic. The meaning of eartic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of eartic is similar to soft.'
b'James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is eartic. The meaning of eartic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of eartic is similar to soft.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of patoider is similar to beat.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. The meaning of patoider is similar to beat.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of patoider is similar to treat.'
b'Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to patoider the dogs. The verb to patoider means to provide with a gift or entertainment. The meaning of patoider is similar to treat.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to likely.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to likely.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to unlikely.'
b'At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was tomiciced to be damaged. The meaning of tomiciced is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. The meaning of tomiciced is similar to unlikely.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized. The meaning of mnity is similar to neat.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is clean or organized. The meaning of mnity is similar to neat.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of mnity is similar to sloppy.'
b'Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very mnity looking presentation. The meaning of mnity is marked by great carelessness. The meaning of mnity is similar to sloppy.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of photoust is similar to small.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of photoust is similar to small.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of photoust is similar to big.'
b'the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too photoust. The meaning of photoust is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of photoust is similar to big.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of fectosm is similar to flexible.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is able to flex; able to bend easily. The meaning of fectosm is similar to flexible.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. The meaning of fectosm is similar to inflexible.'
b'Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is resistant to being bent. The meaning of fectosm is similar to inflexible.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of lumoge is similar to clear.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is allowing light to pass through. The meaning of lumoge is similar to clear.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of lumoge is similar to dark.'
b'Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes lumoge liquors. The meaning of lumoge is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of lumoge is similar to dark.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of cunly is similar to like.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to cunly means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of cunly is similar to like.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the corn'	b'. The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of cunly is similar to hate.'
b'The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows cunlyed eating the yams'	b'. The verb to cunly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of cunly is similar to hate.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of macquid is similar to big.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of macquid is similar to big.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of macquid is similar to small.'
b'The lips on Cynthia were much more macquid than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth. The meaning of macquid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of macquid is similar to small.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of oloidis is similar to filter.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to remove by passing through a filter. The meaning of oloidis is similar to filter.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of oloidis is similar to scrub.'
b'The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be oloidis. The verb to oloidis means to clean with hard rubbing. The meaning of oloidis is similar to scrub.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small. The meaning of gosism is similar to tiny.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is very small. The meaning of gosism is similar to tiny.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of gosism is similar to huge.'
b'Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too gosism. The meaning of gosism is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The meaning of gosism is similar to huge.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was andecod. The meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of andecod is similar to empty.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was andecod. The meaning of andecod is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of andecod is similar to empty.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was andecod. The meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of andecod is similar to full.'
b'After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was andecod. The meaning of andecod is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of andecod is similar to full.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of oydrot is similar to fill.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was oydroted with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. The meaning of oydrot is similar to fill.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without. The meaning of oydrot is similar to lack.'
b'In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was oydroting with nutrients. The verb to oydrot means to be without. The meaning of oydrot is similar to lack.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer. The meaning of rastivel is similar to send.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to transfer. The meaning of rastivel is similar to send.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of rastivel is similar to receive.'
b'The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'rastivel the rent for the apartment each month. The verb to rastivel means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of rastivel is similar to receive.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of escli is similar to need.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or feel a need for. The meaning of escli is similar to need.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of escli is similar to have.'
b'Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'esclied the money that day. The verb to escli means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of escli is similar to have.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey'	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of fisone is similar to forget.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena'	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. The meaning of fisone is similar to forget.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena'	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of fisone is similar to remember.'
b'Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey'	b'fisone to put on chapsticks at night. The verb to fisone means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. The meaning of fisone is similar to remember.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of nalossy is similar to dry.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of nalossy is similar to dry.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of nalossy is similar to wet.'
b'She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already nalossy. The meaning of nalossy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. The meaning of nalossy is similar to wet.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of iratory is similar to tall.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of iratory is similar to tall.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of iratory is similar to short.'
b'John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more iratory. The meaning of iratory is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of iratory is similar to short.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of eurish is similar to cheap.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are eurisher. The meaning of eurish is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of eurish is similar to cheap.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of eurish is similar to permanent.'
b'Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are eurish. The meaning of eurish is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. The meaning of eurish is similar to permanent.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of cisher is similar to leaky.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is cisher. The meaning of cisher is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The meaning of cisher is similar to leaky.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of cisher is similar to seal.'
b'The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is cisher. The verb to cisher means to make tight; secure against leakage. The meaning of cisher is similar to seal.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of rastively is similar to bad.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of rastively is similar to bad.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities. The meaning of rastively is similar to fresh.'
b'Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had rastively breath. The meaning of rastively is free from impurities. The meaning of rastively is similar to fresh.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of lemird is similar to big.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of lemird is similar to big.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of lemird is similar to small.'
b'Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too lemird. The meaning of lemird is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of lemird is similar to small.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of intally is similar to ab.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her intallys. The word intally refers to the muscles of the abdomen. The meaning of intally is similar to ab.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of intally is similar to chest.'
b'Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her intally. The word intally refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. The meaning of intally is similar to chest.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of crectoned is similar to legally.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means by law; conforming to the law. The meaning of crectoned is similar to legally.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The meaning of crectoned is similar to illegally.'
b'The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now crectoned parked. The word crectoned means in an illegal manner. The meaning of crectoned is similar to illegally.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of galloic is similar to lose.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of galloic is similar to lose.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to retain possession of. The meaning of galloic is similar to keep.'
b'The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'galloic their leaves in fall. The verb to galloic means to retain possession of. The meaning of galloic is similar to keep.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of uriust is similar to short.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was uriust. The meaning of uriust is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of uriust is similar to short.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of urius is similar to cancel.'
b'I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was urius. The verb to urius means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. The meaning of urius is similar to cancel.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of deriness is similar to sunset.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. The meaning of deriness is similar to sunset.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day. The meaning of deriness is similar to sunrise.'
b'Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the deriness. The word deriness refers to the first light of day. The meaning of deriness is similar to sunrise.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of dudiced is similar to bland.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The meaning of dudiced is similar to bland.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper'	b'was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The meaning of dudiced is similar to flavorful.'
b'The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak'	b'was dudiced. The meaning of dudiced is full of flavor. The meaning of dudiced is similar to flavorful.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of anterseler is similar to carrot.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The meaning of anterseler is similar to carrot.'
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b"was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of anterseler is similar to hockey."
b'The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b"was holding a anterseler stick. The word anterseler refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The meaning of anterseler is similar to hockey."
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of uriust is similar to dirty.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The meaning of uriust is similar to dirty.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of uriust is similar to clean.'
b'The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was uriuster. The meaning of uriust is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The meaning of uriust is similar to clean.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of ialish is similar to like.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to prefer or wish to do something. The meaning of ialish is similar to like.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of ialish is similar to hate.'
b'Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'ialished the peace and quiet. The verb to ialish means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of ialish is similar to hate.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of iltry is similar to offer.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to present for acceptance or rejection. The meaning of iltry is similar to offer.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of iltry is similar to accept.'
b'Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently iltry a position. The verb to iltry means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of iltry is similar to accept.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of ograt is similar to itchy.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty'	b'when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. The meaning of ograt is similar to itchy.'
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Betty'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of ograt is similar to comfortable."
b'Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ograt for Samantha'	b"when she tried it on. The meaning of ograt is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). The meaning of ograt is similar to comfortable."
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of unscranty is similar to slippery.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The meaning of unscranty is similar to slippery.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of unscranty is similar to dry.'
b'The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is unscranty. The meaning of unscranty is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The meaning of unscranty is similar to dry.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is oringust. The meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of oringust is similar to long.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is oringust. The meaning of oringust is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. The meaning of oringust is similar to long.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is oringust. The meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of oringust is similar to short.'
b'James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is oringust. The meaning of oringust is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. The meaning of oringust is similar to short.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was podenow. The meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of podenow is similar to addictive.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was podenow. The meaning of podenow is causing or characterized by addiction. The meaning of podenow is similar to addictive.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was podenow. The meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of podenow is similar to boring.'
b'Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was podenow. The meaning of podenow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. The meaning of podenow is similar to boring.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of cunly is similar to big.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of cunly is similar to big.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of cunly is similar to small.'
b'Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was cunlier. The meaning of cunly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of cunly is similar to small.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of quadne is similar to sell.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. The meaning of quadne is similar to sell.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of quadne is similar to buy.'
b'Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could quadne the animal. The verb to quadne means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. The meaning of quadne is similar to buy.'
b'Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of thmessy is similar to bad.'
b'Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of thmessy is similar to bad.'
b'Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of thmessy is similar to well.'
b'Kenneth had more thmessy skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer. The meaning of thmessy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of thmessy is similar to well.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of ephilly is similar to patience.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. The meaning of ephilly is similar to patience.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability. The meaning of ephilly is similar to aptitude.'
b'Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the ephilly needed for the task. The word ephilly refers to inherent ability. The meaning of ephilly is similar to aptitude.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of antroce is similar to late.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. The meaning of antroce is similar to late.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of antroce is similar to early.'
b'After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed antroce the night before. The word antroce means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of antroce is similar to early.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. The meaning of stermust is similar to materialistic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is marked by materialism. The meaning of stermust is similar to materialistic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of stermust is similar to realistic.'
b'Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very stermust. The meaning of stermust is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. The meaning of stermust is similar to realistic.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of torpropal is similar to disgusting.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The meaning of torpropal is similar to disgusting.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of torpropal is similar to fine.'
b'The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were torpropal. The meaning of torpropal is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The meaning of torpropal is similar to fine.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of gosism is similar to sausage.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word gosism refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. The meaning of gosism is similar to sausage.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Katrina'	b'was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of gosism is similar to pepperoni.'
b'Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just gosism Tanya'	b'was not very happy. The word gosism refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). The meaning of gosism is similar to pepperoni.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of ortionic is similar to hate.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The meaning of ortionic is similar to hate.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of ortionic is similar to love.'
b"William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'ortionicked leather. The verb to ortionic means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of ortionic is similar to love.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of photoust is similar to fast.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The word photoust means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of photoust is similar to fast.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of photoust is similar to slow.'
b'The computer of Victoria ran more photoust than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files. The meaning of photoust is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of photoust is similar to slow.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to inside.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means within a building. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to inside.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car'	b'was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to outside.'
b'There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike'	b'was kept uncensoned. The word uncensoned means outside a building. The meaning of uncensoned is similar to outside.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of tomicic is similar to expect.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to regard something as probable or likely. The meaning of tomicic is similar to expect.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of tomicic is similar to give.'
b'Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'tomicicked a nice Christmas bonus. The verb to tomicic means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of tomicic is similar to give.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of galloiced is similar to large.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of galloiced is similar to large.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of galloiced is similar to small.'
b'My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too galloiced to be useful. The meaning of galloiced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of galloiced is similar to small.'
b'Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to slow.'
b'Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The meaning of dingnessy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to slow.'
b'Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to fast.'
b'Craig had a more dingnessy running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs. The word dingnessy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of dingnessy is similar to fast.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of iater is similar to small.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of iater is similar to small.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of iater is similar to gigantic.'
b'Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a iater dog bed for their pet. The meaning of iater is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. The meaning of iater is similar to gigantic.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of gicalel is similar to stay.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to stay put (in a certain place). The meaning of gicalel is similar to stay.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. The meaning of gicalel is similar to flee.'
b'Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'gicalel during the field raid. The verb to gicalel means to run away quickly. The meaning of gicalel is similar to flee.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of ewism is similar to make.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. The meaning of ewism is similar to make.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food. The meaning of ewism is similar to eat.'
b"Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'ewismd peanut chicken an ambulance was called. The verb to ewism means to take in solid food. The meaning of ewism is similar to eat.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ilintal is similar to hot.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ilintal is similar to hot.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ilintal is similar to cooler.'
b'The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the ilintal weathers. The meaning of ilintal is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ilintal is similar to cooler.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of icaldy is similar to smooth.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The meaning of icaldy is similar to smooth.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The meaning of icaldy is similar to abrasive.'
b'The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was icaldy. The meaning of icaldy is causing abrasion. The meaning of icaldy is similar to abrasive.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of ortioniced is similar to soft.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The meaning of ortioniced is similar to soft.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of ortioniced is similar to hard.'
b'My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was ortioniced. The meaning of ortioniced is resisting weight or pressure. The meaning of ortioniced is similar to hard.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of eformish is similar to unhealthy.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. The meaning of eformish is similar to unhealthy.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of eformish is similar to healthy.'
b'Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very eformish diet. The meaning of eformish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. The meaning of eformish is similar to healthy.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable'	b'previously. The word logely means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of logely is similar to already.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet'	b'previously. The word logely means prior to a specified or implied time. The meaning of logely is similar to already.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the internet'	b'previously. The word logely means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of logely is similar to never.'
b'The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had logely installed the cable'	b'previously. The word logely means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The meaning of logely is similar to never.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of etalow is similar to cheap.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was etalow. The meaning of etalow is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The meaning of etalow is similar to cheap.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of etalow is similar to expensive.'
b'Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was etalow. The meaning of etalow is high in price or charging high prices. The meaning of etalow is similar to expensive.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of croption is similar to love.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of croption is similar to love.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of croption is similar to dislike.'
b'Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'croptioned the color of their eyes. The verb to croption means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. The meaning of croption is similar to dislike.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of fectosm is similar to heavy.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a dark hue. The meaning of fectosm is similar to heavy.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of fectosm is similar to light.'
b'Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too fectosm. The meaning of fectosm is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The meaning of fectosm is similar to light.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of chratian is similar to useless.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were chratian. The meaning of chratian is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The meaning of chratian is similar to useless.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The meaning of chratian is similar to useful.'
b'The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were chratian. The meaning of chratian is being of use or service. The meaning of chratian is similar to useful.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of logely is similar to humble.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is logely. The meaning of logely is low or inferior in station or quality. The meaning of logely is similar to humble.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of logely is similar to arrogant.'
b'Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is logely. The meaning of logely is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. The meaning of logely is similar to arrogant.'
