b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to thick.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to fear.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to thick.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to fear.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to small.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators"	b'hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to push for something. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to advocate.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to small.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen"	b'hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to push for something. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to advocate.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of aculatard is similar to strip.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to large.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of aculatard is similar to strip.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to large.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of aculatard is similar to gear.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to small.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of aculatard is similar to gear.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too ntionessy. The meaning of ntionessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to small.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is easy to reach. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to handy.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of broinking is similar to receive.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is easy to reach. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to handy.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of broinking is similar to receive.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to light.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of broinking is similar to give.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to light.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of broinking is similar to give.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of iphipped is similar to successful."
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of iphipped is similar to successful."
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to stern.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of iphipped is similar to available."
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to stern.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of iphipped is similar to available."
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of llorty is similar to suspect.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to repeat.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of llorty is similar to suspect.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to repeat.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of llorty is similar to regret.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to react verbally. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to answer.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of llorty is similar to regret.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to react verbally. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to answer.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of iounsly is similar to move.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so emposcioned. The word emposcioned means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to fast.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of iounsly is similar to move.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so emposcioned. The word emposcioned means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to fast.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of iounsly is similar to take.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so emposcioned. The meaning of emposcioned is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to slow.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of iounsly is similar to take.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so emposcioned. The meaning of emposcioned is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to slow.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is fearless and daring. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to bold.\n\nFrank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ptiffect means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to vindicate.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is fearless and daring. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to bold.\n\nFrank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ptiffect means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to vindicate.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is easily agitated. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to nervous.\n\nFrank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ptiffect means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to crush.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is easily agitated. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to nervous.\n\nFrank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ptiffect means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to crush.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of antouggy is similar to young.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to weak.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of antouggy is similar to young.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to weak.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of antouggy is similar to old.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to heavy.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of antouggy is similar to old.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to heavy.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father alogistheres. The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of alogisther is similar to arm.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of celenchor is similar to steel.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father alogistheres. The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of alogisther is similar to arm.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of celenchor is similar to steel.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy alogisther. The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of alogisther is similar to bassinet.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table"	b'was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of celenchor is similar to styrofoam.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy alogisther. The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of alogisther is similar to bassinet.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball"	b'was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of celenchor is similar to styrofoam.'
b"riverdent The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of riverdent is similar to stretch.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to short.'
b"riverdent The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of riverdent is similar to stretch.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to short.'
b"riverdent The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of riverdent is similar to pat.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to tall.'
b"riverdent The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of riverdent is similar to pat.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to tall.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of feloother is similar to accept.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to top.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of feloother is similar to accept.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to top.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of feloother is similar to share.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray"	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to bottom.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of feloother is similar to share.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom"	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to bottom.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to weak.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a tringicianty start. The meaning of tringicianty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to good.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to weak.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a tringicianty start. The meaning of tringicianty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to good.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to heavy.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a tringicianty start. The meaning of tringicianty is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to bad.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so ptiffect. The meaning of ptiffect is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to heavy.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a tringicianty start. The meaning of tringicianty is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to bad.'
b'Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of ionelte is similar to woman.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acockcamed. The verb to acockcam means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of acockcam is similar to anchor."
b'Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of ionelte is similar to woman.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acockcamed. The verb to acockcam means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of acockcam is similar to anchor."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of ionelte is similar to baby.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't acockcam. The word acockcam refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of acockcam is similar to level."
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of ionelte is similar to baby.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't acockcam. The word acockcam refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of acockcam is similar to level."
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of istrousness is similar to chat.\n\nAnna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of inationcing is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of inationcing is similar to well.'
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of istrousness is similar to chat.\n\nAnna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of inationcing is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of inationcing is similar to well.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of istrousness is similar to bark.\n\nAnna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of inationcing is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of inationcing is similar to bad.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of istrousness is similar to bark.\n\nAnna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna"	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of inationcing is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of inationcing is similar to bad.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of iphipped is similar to successful.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The older students"	b'. The verb to tridogism means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of tridogism is similar to punish.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of iphipped is similar to successful.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The younger students"	b'. The verb to tridogism means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of tridogism is similar to punish.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of iphipped is similar to available.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The younger students"	b'. The verb to tridogism means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of tridogism is similar to rescue.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of iphipped is similar to available.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The older students"	b'. The verb to tridogism means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of tridogism is similar to rescue.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was ochacor. The word ochacor means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of ochacor is similar to over.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to empty.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was ochacor. The word ochacor means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of ochacor is similar to over.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to empty.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was ochacor. The meaning of ochacor is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of ochacor is similar to next.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to full.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was ochacor. The meaning of ochacor is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of ochacor is similar to next.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to full.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of iounsly is similar to remove.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is feloother. The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of feloother is similar to nosy.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of iounsly is similar to remove.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is feloother. The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of feloother is similar to nosy.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of iounsly is similar to repair.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is feloother. The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of feloother is similar to indiscreet.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of iounsly is similar to repair.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is feloother. The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of feloother is similar to indiscreet.'
b"riverdent The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of riverdent is similar to stretch.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of prodittion is similar to convince."
b"riverdent The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of riverdent is similar to stretch.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of prodittion is similar to convince."
b'riverdent The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of riverdent is similar to pat.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of prodittion is similar to understand."
b'riverdent The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of riverdent is similar to pat.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of prodittion is similar to understand."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of cabirified is similar to generous.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of antouggy is similar to young.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of cabirified is similar to generous.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of antouggy is similar to young.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of cabirified is similar to grateful.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of antouggy is similar to old.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of cabirified is similar to grateful.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of antouggy is similar to old.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to safe.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to clean.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to safe.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to clean.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to remove.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to remove.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so emposcioned. The word emposcioned means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to fast.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was logworessy, so it worked out. The meaning of logworessy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of logworessy is similar to short.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so emposcioned. The word emposcioned means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to fast.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was logworessy, so it worked out. The meaning of logworessy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of logworessy is similar to short.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so emposcioned. The meaning of emposcioned is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to slow.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was logworessed, so it worked out. The verb to logworess means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of logworess is similar to delay.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so emposcioned. The meaning of emposcioned is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to slow.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was logworessed, so it worked out. The verb to logworess means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of logworess is similar to delay.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of dylamint is similar to bottom.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the prodittion. The word prodittion refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of prodittion is similar to trash.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of dylamint is similar to bottom.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the prodittion. The word prodittion refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of prodittion is similar to trash.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of dylamint is similar to top.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the prodittion. The word prodittion refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of prodittion is similar to drawer.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of dylamint is similar to top.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the prodittion. The word prodittion refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of prodittion is similar to drawer.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of emposcion is similar to grip.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is easy to reach. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to handy.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of emposcion is similar to grip.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is easy to reach. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to handy.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to popular.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack"	b'would be more comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to light.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to popular.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle"	b'would be more comaticarotic. The meaning of comaticarotic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to light.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too iounsly. The meaning of iounsly is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of iounsly is similar to tall.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too iounsly. The meaning of iounsly is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of iounsly is similar to tall.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to stern.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too iounsly. The meaning of iounsly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of iounsly is similar to high.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to stern.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too iounsly. The meaning of iounsly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of iounsly is similar to high.'
b"John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to promise.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to good.'
b"John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to promise.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to good.'
b"John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to order.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to famous.'
b"John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to order.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to famous.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of feloother is similar to accept.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of cabirified is similar to generous.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of feloother is similar to accept.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of cabirified is similar to generous.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of feloother is similar to share.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of cabirified is similar to grateful.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of feloother is similar to share.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very cabirified. The meaning of cabirified is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of cabirified is similar to grateful.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of mentarment is similar to have.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of epholicat is similar to hurt.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of mentarment is similar to have.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of epholicat is similar to hurt.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of mentarment is similar to love.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of epholicat is similar to ungrateful.'
b"Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of mentarment is similar to love.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of epholicat is similar to ungrateful.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to get.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of rintrathel is similar to win.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to get.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of rintrathel is similar to win.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to lose.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to fail to win. The meaning of rintrathel is similar to lose.'
b"If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to lose.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to fail to win. The meaning of rintrathel is similar to lose.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of feloother is similar to accept.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be cautorossed by this time. The verb to cautoross means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of cautoross is similar to go.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of feloother is similar to accept.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be cautorossed by this time. The verb to cautoross means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of cautoross is similar to go.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of feloother is similar to share.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be cautorossy by this time. The word cautorossy means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of cautorossy is similar to here.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of feloother is similar to share.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be cautorossy by this time. The word cautorossy means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of cautorossy is similar to here.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ratisking is similar to hot.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to get.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ratisking is similar to hot.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to get.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ratisking is similar to cool.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to lose.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ratisking is similar to cool.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money. The verb to chrotolus means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to lose.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of onlosid is similar to open.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ratisking is similar to hot.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of onlosid is similar to open.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ratisking is similar to hot.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of onlosid is similar to lower.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ratisking is similar to cool.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of onlosid is similar to lower.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more ratisking. The meaning of ratisking is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ratisking is similar to cool.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to safe.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too osturaft. The meaning of osturaft is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of osturaft is similar to impatient.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a more achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to safe.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too osturaft. The meaning of osturaft is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of osturaft is similar to impatient.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too osturaft. The meaning of osturaft is showing careful forethought. The meaning of osturaft is similar to cautious.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too osturaft. The meaning of osturaft is showing careful forethought. The meaning of osturaft is similar to cautious.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of obrantary is similar to slow.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of ionelte is similar to woman.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of obrantary is similar to slow.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of ionelte is similar to woman.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of obrantary is similar to quick.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne\'s daughter'	b'is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of ionelte is similar to baby.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was more obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of obrantary is similar to quick.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ionelte. The word ionelte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of ionelte is similar to baby.'
b'John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to promise.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of istrousness is similar to chat.'
b"John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to promise.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of istrousness is similar to chat.'
b"John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to order.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of istrousness is similar to bark.'
b'John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to order.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to istrousness means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of istrousness is similar to bark.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle down. The word patogiblea refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to tide.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to hungry.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle down. The word patogiblea refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to tide.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to hungry.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag down. The word patogiblea refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to wind.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to tasty.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag down. The word patogiblea refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to wind.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to tasty.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to year.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of dylamint is similar to bottom.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to year.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of dylamint is similar to bottom.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to month.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of dylamint is similar to top.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to month.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the dylamint. The word dylamint refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of dylamint is similar to top.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be cautorossed by this time. The verb to cautoross means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of cautoross is similar to go.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of iounsly is similar to remove.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be cautorossed by this time. The verb to cautoross means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of cautoross is similar to go.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of iounsly is similar to remove.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be cautorossy by this time. The word cautorossy means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of cautorossy is similar to here.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of iounsly is similar to repair.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be cautorossy by this time. The word cautorossy means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of cautorossy is similar to here.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of iounsly is similar to repair.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to clean.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoyed.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to clean.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoyed.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to remove.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoying.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to remove.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoying.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of emposcion is similar to grip.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressed.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of emposcion is similar to grip.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressed.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to popular.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler"	b'was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressive.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to popular.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John"	b'was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressive.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressed.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of briumliker is similar to ill.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressed.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of briumliker is similar to ill.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressive.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of briumliker is similar to concerned.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressive.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of briumliker is similar to concerned.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't acockcamed. The verb to acockcam means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of acockcam is similar to anchor.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of iphipped is similar to truthful.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture wasn't acockcamed. The verb to acockcam means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of acockcam is similar to anchor.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of iphipped is similar to truthful.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't acockcam. The word acockcam refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of acockcam is similar to level.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete"	b'should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of iphipped is similar to skeptical.'
b"The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf wasn't acockcam. The word acockcam refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of acockcam is similar to level.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark"	b'should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of iphipped is similar to skeptical.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was logworessy, so it worked out. The meaning of logworessy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of logworessy is similar to short.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of emposcion is similar to grip.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was logworessy, so it worked out. The meaning of logworessy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of logworessy is similar to short.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of emposcion is similar to grip.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was logworessed, so it worked out. The verb to logworess means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of logworess is similar to delay.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to popular.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was logworessed, so it worked out. The verb to logworess means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of logworess is similar to delay.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well. The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to popular.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of iphipped is similar to truthful.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute'	b'since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of mentarment is similar to have.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of iphipped is similar to truthful.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece'	b'since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of mentarment is similar to have.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of iphipped is similar to skeptical.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece'	b'since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of mentarment is similar to love.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more iphipped. The meaning of iphipped is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of iphipped is similar to skeptical.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute'	b'since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of mentarment is similar to love.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to top.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to stand.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to top.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to stand.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to bottom.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to deliver by singing. The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to sing.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to bottom.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to deliver by singing. The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to sing.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to stand.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of ntema is similar to read.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to stand.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of ntema is similar to read.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to deliver by singing. The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to sing.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work. The meaning of ntema is similar to write.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead. The verb to prouslarchow means to deliver by singing. The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to sing.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work. The meaning of ntema is similar to write.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to hungry.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The word patogiblea refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to tide.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to hungry.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag'	b'down. The word patogiblea refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to tide.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to tasty.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag'	b'down. The word patogiblea refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to wind.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm was urallaxiced. The meaning of urallaxiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to tasty.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The word patogiblea refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to wind.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to ionelte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of ionelte is similar to prepare.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of broinking is similar to disappoint.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to ionelte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of ionelte is similar to prepare.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of broinking is similar to disappoint.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of ionelted is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of ionelted is similar to enough.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was broinking. The word broinking means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of broinking is similar to out.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of ionelted is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of ionelted is similar to enough.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was broinking. The word broinking means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of broinking is similar to out.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of iounsly is similar to move.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was prodittic to speak it fluently. The meaning of prodittic is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of prodittic is similar to eager.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of iounsly is similar to move.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was prodittic to speak it fluently. The meaning of prodittic is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of prodittic is similar to eager.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of iounsly is similar to take.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was prodittioned to speak it fluently. The verb to prodittion means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of prodittion is similar to know.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of iounsly is similar to take.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was prodittioned to speak it fluently. The verb to prodittion means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of prodittion is similar to know.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of worucassy is similar to full.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The path"	b'. The verb to iounsly means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of iounsly is similar to use.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of worucassy is similar to full.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The lake"	b'. The verb to iounsly means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of iounsly is similar to use.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of worucassy is similar to hungry.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The lake"	b'. The verb to iounsly means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of iounsly is similar to reach.'
b"Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of worucassy is similar to hungry.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The path"	b'. The verb to iounsly means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of iounsly is similar to reach.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of ntema is similar to read.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was biforcomatic. The word biforcomatic means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of biforcomatic is similar to out.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of ntema is similar to read.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was biforcomatic. The word biforcomatic means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of biforcomatic is similar to out.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work. The meaning of ntema is similar to write.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was biforcomated. The verb to biforcoma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of biforcoma is similar to go.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work. The meaning of ntema is similar to write.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was biforcomated. The verb to biforcoma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of biforcoma is similar to go.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of iounsly is similar to move.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to safe.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of iounsly is similar to move.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to safe.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of iounsly is similar to take.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to dangerous.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of iounsly is similar to take.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a achizency place to swim. The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to dangerous.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been cublitus for five years. The verb to cublitus means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of cublitus is similar to travel.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of lifiefia is similar to golfer.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson had been cublitus for five years. The verb to cublitus means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of cublitus is similar to travel.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of lifiefia is similar to golfer.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been cublitust for five years. The meaning of cublitust is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of cublitust is similar to dead.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of lifiefia is similar to dog.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper had been cublitust for five years. The meaning of cublitust is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of cublitust is similar to dead.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of lifiefia is similar to dog.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of antouggy is similar to young.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could thdoper. The verb to thdoper means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of thdoper is similar to work.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of antouggy is similar to young.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could thdoper. The verb to thdoper means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of thdoper is similar to work.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of antouggy is similar to old.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could thdoper. The verb to thdoper means to be asleep. The meaning of thdoper is similar to sleep.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years more antouggy. The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of antouggy is similar to old.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could thdoper. The verb to thdoper means to be asleep. The meaning of thdoper is similar to sleep.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of briumliker is similar to ill.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to ionelte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of ionelte is similar to prepare.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of briumliker is similar to ill.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to ionelte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of ionelte is similar to prepare.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of briumliker is similar to concerned.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of ionelted is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of ionelted is similar to enough.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of briumliker is similar to concerned.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of ionelted is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of ionelted is similar to enough.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of feloother is similar to accept.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been cublitus for five years. The verb to cublitus means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of cublitus is similar to travel.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of feloother is similar to accept.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been cublitus for five years. The verb to cublitus means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of cublitus is similar to travel.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of feloother is similar to share.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been cublitust for five years. The meaning of cublitust is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of cublitust is similar to dead.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of feloother is similar to share.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been cublitust for five years. The meaning of cublitust is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of cublitust is similar to dead.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of prodittion is similar to convince.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries proononiaty. The word proononiaty means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of proononiaty is similar to later.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of prodittion is similar to convince.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries proononiaty. The word proononiaty means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of proononiaty is similar to later.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of prodittion is similar to understand.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries more proononiaty. The word proononiaty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of proononiaty is similar to early.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't prodittion him. The verb to prodittion means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of prodittion is similar to understand.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries more proononiaty. The word proononiaty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of proononiaty is similar to early.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is feloother. The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of feloother is similar to nosy.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to thick.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is feloother. The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of feloother is similar to nosy.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to thick.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is feloother. The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of feloother is similar to indiscreet.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to small.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is feloother. The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of feloother is similar to indiscreet.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too prehyrassy. The meaning of prehyrassy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to small.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is feloother. The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of feloother is similar to nosy.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The foxes"	b'. The verb to epoerist means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of epoerist is similar to kill.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is feloother. The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of feloother is similar to nosy.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The chickens"	b'. The verb to epoerist means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of epoerist is similar to kill.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is feloother. The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of feloother is similar to indiscreet.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The chickens"	b'. The verb to epoerist means to keep watch over. The meaning of epoerist is similar to guard.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is feloother. The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of feloother is similar to indiscreet.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The foxes"	b'. The verb to epoerist means to keep watch over. The meaning of epoerist is similar to guard.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of mentarment is similar to have.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is fearless and daring. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to bold.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of mentarment is similar to have.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is fearless and daring. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to bold.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of mentarment is similar to love.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is easily agitated. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to nervous.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece since she was a child. The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of mentarment is similar to love.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very andispaticed. The meaning of andispaticed is easily agitated. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to nervous.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of briumliker is similar to ill.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of onlosid is similar to open.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of briumliker is similar to ill.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of onlosid is similar to open.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of briumliker is similar to concerned.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of onlosid is similar to lower.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very briumliker. The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of briumliker is similar to concerned.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to onlosid means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of onlosid is similar to lower.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of ntema is similar to read.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to year.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of ntema is similar to read.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to year.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work. The meaning of ntema is similar to write.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to month.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article when she gets home from work. The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work. The meaning of ntema is similar to write.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve erjusiced old. The word erjusiced refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to month.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of shnonomat is similar to dowdy.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were cublitus within weeks. The verb to cublitus means to win a victory over. The meaning of cublitus is similar to defeat.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of shnonomat is similar to dowdy.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were cublitus within weeks. The verb to cublitus means to win a victory over. The meaning of cublitus is similar to defeat.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is very good. The meaning of shnonomat is similar to great.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were cublitust within weeks. The meaning of cublitust is having won. The meaning of cublitust is similar to victorious.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is very good. The meaning of shnonomat is similar to great.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were cublitust within weeks. The meaning of cublitust is having won. The meaning of cublitust is similar to victorious.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to ishalsia means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to retire.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to evidence.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to ishalsia means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to retire.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to evidence.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment. The word ishalsia refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to cancer.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to deer.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment. The word ishalsia refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to cancer.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to deer.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to fear.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'arfermided two years ago. The verb to arfermid means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of arfermid is similar to begin.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to fear.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'arfermided two years ago. The verb to arfermid means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of arfermid is similar to begin.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to push for something. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to advocate.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'arfermided two years ago. The verb to arfermid means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of arfermid is similar to appear.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators hydrubous violence. The verb to hydrubous means to push for something. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to advocate.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'arfermided two years ago. The verb to arfermid means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of arfermid is similar to appear.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of lifiefia is similar to golfer.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of tlighty is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of tlighty is similar to persistent.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of lifiefia is similar to golfer.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of tlighty is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of tlighty is similar to persistent.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of lifiefia is similar to dog.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of tlighty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of tlighty is similar to cooperative.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like lifiefias. The word lifiefia refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of lifiefia is similar to dog.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of tlighty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of tlighty is similar to cooperative.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to top.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to alogisther means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of alogisther is similar to stop.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to top.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to alogisther means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of alogisther is similar to stop.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to bottom.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to alogisther means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of alogisther is similar to run.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the olenelle of the stairs. The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to bottom.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to alogisther means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of alogisther is similar to run.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of epholicat is similar to hurt.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of iounsly in it. The word iounsly refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of iounsly is similar to butter.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of epholicat is similar to hurt.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of iounsly in it. The word iounsly refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of iounsly is similar to butter.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of epholicat is similar to ungrateful.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of iounslys in it. The word iounsly refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of iounsly is similar to leftover.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of epholicat is similar to ungrateful.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of iounslys in it. The word iounsly refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of iounsly is similar to leftover.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of rintrathel is similar to win.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be more acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of acockcam is similar to well.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of rintrathel is similar to win.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be more acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of acockcam is similar to well.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to fail to win. The meaning of rintrathel is similar to lose.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is not necessary. The meaning of acockcam is similar to unnecessary.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have rintratheled. The verb to rintrathel means to fail to win. The meaning of rintrathel is similar to lose.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is not necessary. The meaning of acockcam is similar to unnecessary.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of epholicat is similar to hurt.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the arfermid. The word arfermid refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of arfermid is similar to minority.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of epholicat is similar to hurt.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the arfermid. The word arfermid refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of arfermid is similar to minority.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of epholicat is similar to ungrateful.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the arfermid. The word arfermid refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of arfermid is similar to majority.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of epholicat is similar to ungrateful.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the arfermid. The word arfermid refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of arfermid is similar to majority.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to repeat.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of zingletal is similar to leave.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to repeat.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of zingletal is similar to leave.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to react verbally. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to answer.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of zingletal is similar to have.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to chrotolus it. The verb to chrotolus means to react verbally. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to answer.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of zingletal is similar to have.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ntema is similar to receive.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of iounsly is similar to coffee.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ntema is similar to receive.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of iounsly is similar to coffee.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ntema is similar to deliver.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of iounsly is similar to ink.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ntema is similar to deliver.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of iounsly is similar to ink.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoyed.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'gliveres him hugely. The verb to gliveress means to feel admiration for. The meaning of gliveress is similar to admire.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoyed.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'gliveres him hugely. The verb to gliveress means to feel admiration for. The meaning of gliveress is similar to admire.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoying.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'gliveres him hugely. The verb to gliveress means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of gliveress is similar to influence.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoying.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'gliveres him hugely. The verb to gliveress means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of gliveress is similar to influence.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of broinking is similar to disappoint.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesiventiced. The meaning of enesiventiced is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of enesiventiced is similar to wide.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of broinking is similar to disappoint.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesiventiced. The meaning of enesiventiced is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of enesiventiced is similar to wide.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was broinking. The word broinking means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of broinking is similar to out.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesiventiced. The meaning of enesiventiced is not wide. The meaning of enesiventiced is similar to narrow.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was broinking. The word broinking means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of broinking is similar to out.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesiventiced. The meaning of enesiventiced is not wide. The meaning of enesiventiced is similar to narrow.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father alogistheres. The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of alogisther is similar to arm.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of shnonomat is similar to dowdy.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father alogistheres. The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of alogisther is similar to arm.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of shnonomat is similar to dowdy.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy alogisther. The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of alogisther is similar to bassinet.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket"	b'looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is very good. The meaning of shnonomat is similar to great.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy alogisther. The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of alogisther is similar to bassinet.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater"	b'looks shnonomat on her. The meaning of shnonomat is very good. The meaning of shnonomat is similar to great.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to research.\n\nJohn hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to promise.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to research.\n\nJohn hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to promise.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to childhood.\n\nJohn hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill"	b'left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to order.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to childhood.\n\nJohn hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John"	b'left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to order.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to research.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to sympathetic.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to research.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to stern.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b"faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to childhood."
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to stern.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b"faced in his deriatiterong. The word deriatiterong refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to childhood."
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressed.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ntema is similar to receive.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressed.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ntema is similar to receive.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressive.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ntema is similar to deliver.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very orialister. The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressive.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ntemad the final report on the case. The verb to ntema means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ntema is similar to deliver.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of zingletal is similar to leave.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of obrantary is similar to slow.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of zingletal is similar to leave.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of obrantary is similar to slow.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of zingletal is similar to have.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was more obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of obrantary is similar to quick.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of zingletal is similar to have.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was more obrantary. The meaning of obrantary is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of obrantary is similar to quick.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries proononiaty. The word proononiaty means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of proononiaty is similar to later.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom'	b'bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of iounsly is similar to move.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries proononiaty. The word proononiaty means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of proononiaty is similar to later.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph'	b'bishop. The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of iounsly is similar to move.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more proononiaty. The word proononiaty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of proononiaty is similar to early.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph'	b"bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one's possession. The meaning of iounsly is similar to take."
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more proononiaty. The word proononiaty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of proononiaty is similar to early.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom'	b"bishop. The verb to iounsly means to take into one's possession. The meaning of iounsly is similar to take."
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to clean.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of aculatard is similar to strip.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to clean.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of aculatard is similar to strip.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to remove.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of aculatard is similar to gear.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be gomytomoned. The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to remove.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing aculatard. The word aculatard refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of aculatard is similar to gear.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of iounsly is similar to coffee.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of worucassy is similar to full.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of iounsly is similar to coffee.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of worucassy is similar to full.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of iounsly is similar to ink.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of worucassy is similar to hungry.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of iounsly. The word iounsly refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of iounsly is similar to ink.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was worucassy. The meaning of worucassy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of worucassy is similar to hungry.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to evidence.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was ochacor. The word ochacor means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of ochacor is similar to over.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to evidence.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was ochacor. The word ochacor means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of ochacor is similar to over.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to deer.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was ochacor. The meaning of ochacor is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of ochacor is similar to next.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks. The word urallaxiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to deer.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was ochacor. The meaning of ochacor is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of ochacor is similar to next.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of zingletal is similar to leave.\n\nriverdent The woman'	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of riverdent is similar to stretch."
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of zingletal is similar to leave.\n\nriverdent The girl'	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of riverdent is similar to stretch."
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of zingletal is similar to have.\n\nriverdent The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of riverdent is similar to pat.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot zingletal a hole. The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of zingletal is similar to have.\n\nriverdent The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of riverdent is similar to pat.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoyed.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy"	b'toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of feloother is similar to accept.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoyed.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby"	b'toy. The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of feloother is similar to accept.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoying.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby"	b'toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of feloother is similar to share.'
b"John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man was very rebrountri. The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoying.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy"	b'toy. The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of feloother is similar to share.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of llorty is similar to suspect.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'amenopseler. The word amenopseler refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of amenopseler is similar to silence.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of llorty is similar to suspect.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'amenopseler. The word amenopseler refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of amenopseler is similar to silence.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of llorty is similar to regret.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'amenopseler. The word amenopseler refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of amenopseler is similar to concentration.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of llorty is similar to regret.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'amenopseler. The word amenopseler refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of amenopseler is similar to concentration.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of iounsly is similar to remove.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to sympathetic.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of iounsly is similar to remove.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to sympathetic.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of iounsly is similar to repair.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to stern.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof iounslyed. The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of iounsly is similar to repair.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a ommetessy look. The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to stern.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to empty.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to feel physical pain. The meaning of broinking is similar to ache.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to empty.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to feel physical pain. The meaning of broinking is similar to ache.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to full.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to hang freely. The meaning of broinking is similar to dangle.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was throchoriced. The meaning of throchoriced is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to full.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs broinkinged. The verb to broinking means to hang freely. The meaning of broinking is similar to dangle.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of celenchor is similar to steel.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'alogistheres. The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of alogisther is similar to arm.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of celenchor is similar to steel.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'alogistheres. The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of alogisther is similar to arm.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of celenchor is similar to styrofoam.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b"alogisther. The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of alogisther is similar to bassinet."
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The table was made of celenchor. The word celenchor refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of celenchor is similar to styrofoam.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b"alogisther. The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of alogisther is similar to bassinet."
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of acockcam is similar to well.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were mornatedish about it. The meaning of mornatedish is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of mornatedish is similar to furious.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of acockcam is similar to well.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were mornatedish about it. The meaning of mornatedish is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of mornatedish is similar to furious.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is not necessary. The meaning of acockcam is similar to unnecessary.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were mornatedish about it. The meaning of mornatedish is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of mornatedish is similar to embarrassed.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be acockcam. The meaning of acockcam is not necessary. The meaning of acockcam is similar to unnecessary.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were mornatedish about it. The meaning of mornatedish is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of mornatedish is similar to embarrassed.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of epholicat is similar to hurt.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b"had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to ishalsia means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to retire."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of epholicat is similar to hurt.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b"had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to ishalsia means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to retire."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of epholicat is similar to ungrateful.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment. The word ishalsia refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to cancer.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very epholicat. The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of epholicat is similar to ungrateful.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment. The word ishalsia refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to cancer.'
b'John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to promise.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is showing or having compassion. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to compassionate.'
b'John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John left. The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to promise.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is showing or having compassion. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to compassionate.'
b'John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to order.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to cruel.'
b'John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill left. The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to order.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very hyropyrad. The meaning of hyropyrad is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to cruel.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to good.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of llorty is similar to suspect.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to good.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of llorty is similar to suspect.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to famous.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of llorty is similar to regret.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building is very tatheatism. The meaning of tatheatism is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to famous.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of llorty is similar to regret.'
