b'The word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were sprimian.'
b'The word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were sprimian.'
b'The meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were sprimiaing.'
b'The meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were sprimiaing.'
b"The word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe verb to graillogy means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a graillogying look.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too opanity.'
b"The word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe verb to graillogy means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a graillogying look.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too opanity.'
b"The word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of graillogy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a graillogy look.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl"	b'is too opanity.'
b"The word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of graillogy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a graillogy look.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup"	b'is too opanity.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word ingensemiced means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word ingensemiced means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word ingensemiced means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word ingensemiced means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too fectitic.'
b"The word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too fectitic.'
b"The word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too fectitic.'
b"The word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too fectitic.'
b'The meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is eramped.'
b'The meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is eramped.'
b'The meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is eramped.'
b'The meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is eramped.'
b'The meaning of lopdofy is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was lopdofy.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very icatelly.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of lopdofy is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was lopdofy.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very icatelly.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of lopdofy is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was lopdofy.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very icatelly.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of lopdofy is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was lopdofy.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very icatelly.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.'
b'The meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of onsubow is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was onsubow.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too ocrium.'
b'The meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of onsubow is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was onsubow.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too ocrium.'
b'The meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of onsubow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was onsubow.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too ocrium.'
b'The meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of onsubow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was onsubow.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too ocrium.'
b'The meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was verotly.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was unflowiny.'
b'The meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was verotly.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was unflowiny.'
b'The meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was verotly.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was unflowiny.'
b'The meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was verotly.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was unflowiny.'
b"The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had chilicing heels.'
b"The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had chilicing heels.'
b"The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had chilicing heels.'
b"The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had chilicing heels.'
b'The meaning of fleasiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too opanity.\n\nThe verb to pluckst means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had plucksted the background check.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ianing.'
b'The meaning of fleasiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too opanity.\n\nThe verb to pluckst means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia had plucksted the background check.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ianing.'
b'The meaning of fleasiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too opanity.\n\nThe verb to pluckst means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had plucksted the background check.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was more ianing.'
b'The meaning of fleasiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too opanity.\n\nThe verb to pluckst means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria had plucksted the background check.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was more ianing.'
b"The meaning of ulastanty is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was dopygicked.'
b"The meaning of ulastanty is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was dopygicked.'
b"The meaning of ulastanty is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of dopygiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew"	b'was dopygiced.'
b"The meaning of ulastanty is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of dopygiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael"	b'was dopygiced.'
b"The word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word hablitid means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson"	b'vehicle was more sellnessy.'
b"The word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word hablitid means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin"	b'vehicle was more sellnessy.'
b"The word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word hablitid means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin"	b'vehicle was more sellnessy.'
b"The word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word hablitid means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson"	b'vehicle was more sellnessy.'
b'The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen .\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'exanised they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen .\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'exanised they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom .\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'exanised they were lonely.'
b'The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom .\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'exanised they were lonely.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of turanesh is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was reclaian.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of turanesh is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was reclaian.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path"	b'was reclaian.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest"	b'was reclaian.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin"	b'decided to reomych it.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence"	b'decided to reomych it.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence"	b'decided to reomych it.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin"	b'decided to reomych it.'
b'The meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too appectic.\n\nThe word escolish means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced escolish.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ashlical.'
b'The meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too appectic.\n\nThe word escolish means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced escolish.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ashlical.'
b'The meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too appectic.\n\nThe meaning of escolish is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced escolish.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ashlical.'
b'The meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too appectic.\n\nThe meaning of escolish is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced escolish.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ashlical.'
b'The meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was geaming.\n\nThe meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is boormal.'
b'The meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was geaming.\n\nThe meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is boormal.'
b'The meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was geaming.\n\nThe meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is boormal.'
b'The meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was geaming.\n\nThe meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is boormal.'
b"The meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had chilicing heels.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too elapticed.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very igraminy cook.'
b"The meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had chilicing heels.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too elapticed.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very igraminy cook.'
b"The meaning of ashlical is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had chilicing heels.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too elapticed.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie"	b'is a very igraminy cook.'
b"The meaning of ashlical is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had chilicing heels.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too elapticed.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia"	b'is a very igraminy cook.'
b'The verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word escolish means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced escolish.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was verotly.'
b'The verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word escolish means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool was priced escolish.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was verotly.'
b'The verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of escolish is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced escolish.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was verotly.'
b'The verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of escolish is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton was priced escolish.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was verotly.'
b"The verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe verb to pluckst means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had plucksted the background check.'
b"The verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe verb to pluckst means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had plucksted the background check.'
b"The verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe verb to pluckst means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria"	b'had plucksted the background check.'
b"The verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe verb to pluckst means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia"	b'had plucksted the background check.'
b'The meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more ficysish.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more ficysish.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up more ficysish.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up more ficysish.'
b'The verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very ingensemiced.'
b'The verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very ingensemiced.'
b'The verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very ingensemiced.'
b'The verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very ingensemiced.'
b'The meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too tibleal.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was ulastanty.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees underoliker their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too unctimely.'
b'The meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too tibleal.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was ulastanty.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees underoliker their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too unctimely.'
b'The meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too tibleal.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was ulastanty.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees underoliker their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium'	b'was too unctimely.'
b'The meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too tibleal.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was ulastanty.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees underoliker their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone'	b'was too unctimely.'
b'The meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors tanguinged out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too opanity.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the adfoon.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach.'
b'The meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors tanguinged out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too opanity.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the adfoon.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach.'
b'The meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows tanguinged out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too opanity.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the adfoon.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach.'
b'The meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows tanguinged out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too opanity.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the adfoon.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia'	b'had a ulaeocky stomach.'
b"The meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe verb to graillogy means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a graillogying look.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was ariteabby.\n\nThe word daudoust means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe verb to graillogy means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a graillogying look.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was ariteabby.\n\nThe word daudoust means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of graillogy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a graillogy look.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was ariteabby.\n\nThe word daudoust means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"The meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of graillogy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a graillogy look.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was ariteabby.\n\nThe word daudoust means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b'The verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron'	b'immediately.'
b'The verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie'	b'immediately.'
b'The meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'The meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'The meaning of ashlical is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'The meaning of ashlical is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of lattering is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too lattering.'
b"The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of lattering is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too lattering.'
b"The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of lattering is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too lattering.'
b"The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of lattering is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too lattering.'
b'The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very ethiripy.'
b'The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very ethiripy.'
b'The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very ethiripy.'
b'The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very ethiripy.'
b"The word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too opanity.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe meaning of lattering is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too lattering.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie"	b'had a gratously memory.'
b"The word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too opanity.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe meaning of lattering is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too lattering.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura"	b'had a gratously memory.'
b"The meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too opanity.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe meaning of lattering is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too lattering.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura"	b'had a gratously memory.'
b"The meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too opanity.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe meaning of lattering is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too lattering.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie"	b'had a gratously memory.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too elapticed.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more tripolopal.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too elapticed.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more tripolopal.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too elapticed.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod"	b'was more tripolopal.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too elapticed.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera"	b'was more tripolopal.'
b"The meaning of unctimely is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to phrosping means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very icatelly.'
b"The meaning of unctimely is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to phrosping means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very icatelly.'
b"The meaning of unctimely is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick"	b'was very icatelly.'
b"The meaning of unctimely is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence"	b'was very icatelly.'
b'The word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too tibleal.'
b'The word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too tibleal.'
b'The word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too tibleal.'
b'The word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too tibleal.'
b"The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me glikericed.'
b"The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me glikericed.'
b"The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me glikericed.'
b"The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me glikericed.'
b'The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that ntic.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was ariteabby.'
b'The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that ntic.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was ariteabby.'
b'The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that ntic.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was ariteabby.'
b'The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that ntic.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was ariteabby.'
b'The meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is ianinger.'
b'The meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is ianinger.'
b'The verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is ianinger.'
b'The verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is ianinger.'
b"The word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe verb to phrosping means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too appectic.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too elapticed.'
b"The word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe verb to phrosping means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too appectic.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too elapticed.'
b"The word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too appectic.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too elapticed.'
b"The word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too appectic.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too elapticed.'
b"The verb to phrosping means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me glikericed.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the shisconty size.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'tanguinged out the heat.'
b"The verb to phrosping means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me glikericed.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the shisconty size.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'tanguinged out the heat.'
b"The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me glikericed.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the shisconty size.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows"	b'tanguinged out the heat.'
b"The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me glikericed.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the shisconty size.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors"	b'tanguinged out the heat.'
b'The meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of ubstly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is ubstly.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe verb to graillogy means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a graillogying look.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of ubstly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is ubstly.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe verb to graillogy means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a graillogying look.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of ubstly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is ubstly.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of graillogy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a graillogy look.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of ubstly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is ubstly.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of graillogy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a graillogy look.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b"The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke them.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs"	b'were fleasiced.'
b"The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke them.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables"	b'were fleasiced.'
b"The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables"	b'were fleasiced.'
b"The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs"	b'were fleasiced.'
b'The meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that ntic.'
b'The meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that ntic.'
b'The meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that ntic.'
b'The meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that ntic.'
b'The meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees underoliker their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too fectitic.\n\nThe word escolish means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced escolish.'
b'The meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees underoliker their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too fectitic.\n\nThe word escolish means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced escolish.'
b'The meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees underoliker their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of escolish is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced escolish.'
b'The meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees underoliker their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of escolish is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced escolish.'
b'The meaning of unctimely is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie immediately.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just chilicinged some money.'
b'The meaning of unctimely is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie immediately.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just chilicinged some money.'
b'The meaning of unctimely is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron immediately.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just chilicinged some money.'
b'The meaning of unctimely is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron immediately.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just chilicinged some money.'
b'The verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas.'
b'The verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas.'
b'The verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe word tcherad means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas.'
b'The verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe word tcherad means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a ulaeocky amount of gas.'
b"The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is eandly.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nThe word daudoust means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to phrosping means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is eandly.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nThe word daudoust means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to phrosping means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is eandly.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nThe word daudoust means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things.'
b"The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is eandly.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nThe word daudoust means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'phrospinged some very offensive things.'
b'The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very tasmoust.'
b'The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very tasmoust.'
b'The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very tasmoust.'
b'The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very tasmoust.'
b"The verb to phrosping means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe word appectic means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very hablitid person.'
b"The verb to phrosping means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe word appectic means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very hablitid person.'
b"The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe word appectic means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin"	b'was a very hablitid person.'
b"The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe word appectic means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick"	b'was a very hablitid person.'
b'The meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was dopygicked.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is eandly.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film.'
b'The meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was dopygicked.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is eandly.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film.'
b'The verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of dopygiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was dopygiced.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is eandly.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film.'
b'The verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of dopygiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was dopygiced.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is eandly.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'unctimelyed the original language of the film.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is more haydrian.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is more haydrian.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is more haydrian.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is more haydrian.'
b'The meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was unflowiny.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of eandly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is eandly.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was apawne.'
b'The meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was unflowiny.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of eandly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is eandly.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was apawne.'
b'The meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was unflowiny.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of eandly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is eandly.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was apawne.'
b'The meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was unflowiny.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of eandly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is eandly.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was apawne.'
b"The word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan"	b'was unctimely.'
b"The word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter"	b'was unctimely.'
b"The word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter"	b'was unctimely.'
b"The word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan"	b'was unctimely.'
b'The verb to apunhal means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is ianinger.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was ulastanty.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently bultritish.'
b'The verb to apunhal means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is ianinger.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was ulastanty.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently bultritish.'
b'The verb to apunhal means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is ianinger.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was ulastanty.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to bultritis means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently bultritis.'
b'The verb to apunhal means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is ianinger.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was ulastanty.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to bultritis means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently bultritis.'
b'The verb to omplably means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is goariny.'
b'The verb to omplably means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is goariny.'
b'The verb to omplably means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is goariny.'
b'The verb to omplably means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is goariny.'
b"The verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was omplably.'
b"The verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was omplably.'
b"The verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was omplably.'
b"The verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was omplably.'
b'The word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the adfoon.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the shisconty size.'
b'The word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the adfoon.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the shisconty size.'
b'The word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the adfoon.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the shisconty size.'
b'The word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the adfoon.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the shisconty size.'
b'The meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to olastal.'
b'The meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to olastal.'
b'The meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to olastal.'
b'The meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to olastal.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was ulastanty.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was ulastanty.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was ulastanty.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was ulastanty.'
b'The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in rocipal demand.'
b'The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in rocipal demand.'
b'The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in rocipal demand.'
b'The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in rocipal demand.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too fectitic.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too fectitic.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard"	b'was too fectitic.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign"	b'was too fectitic.'
b'The meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too appectic.'
b'The meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too appectic.'
b'The meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too appectic.'
b'The meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too appectic.'
b"The word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe word ingensemiced means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast.'
b"The word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe word ingensemiced means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast.'
b"The meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe word ingensemiced means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis"	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast.'
b"The meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe word ingensemiced means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig"	b'finished tanguinging their breakfast.'
b"The word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work"	b'was too anumman.'
b"The word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength"	b'was too anumman.'
b"The word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word tcherad means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength"	b'was too anumman.'
b"The word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe word tcherad means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work"	b'was too anumman.'
b"The meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal.\n\nThe word ingensemiced means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nThe word daudoust means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen"	b'.'
b"The meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal.\n\nThe word ingensemiced means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nThe word daudoust means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom"	b'.'
b"The meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal.\n\nThe word ingensemiced means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nThe word daudoust means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom"	b'.'
b"The meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal.\n\nThe word ingensemiced means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian had ingensemiced experienced childhood abuse.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nThe word daudoust means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen"	b'.'
b"The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'The meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe verb to graillogy means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a graillogying look.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south'	b'.'
b'The meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe verb to graillogy means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a graillogying look.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north'	b'.'
b'The meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of graillogy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a graillogy look.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north'	b'.'
b'The meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of graillogy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a graillogy look.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south'	b'.'
b"The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe verb to priallord means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe verb to graillogy means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin"	b'a graillogying look.'
b"The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe verb to priallord means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe verb to graillogy means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam"	b'a graillogying look.'
b'The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe verb to priallord means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of graillogy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a graillogy look.'
b'The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe verb to priallord means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of graillogy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a graillogy look.'
b"The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is ianinger.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too loligne.'
b"The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is ianinger.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too loligne.'
b"The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is ianinger.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too loligne.'
b"The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is ianinger.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too loligne.'
b"The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of lattering is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too lattering.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too unctimely.'
b"The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of lattering is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape was too lattering.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too unctimely.'
b"The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of lattering is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too lattering.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too unctimely.'
b"The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of lattering is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting was too lattering.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too unctimely.'
b"The verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was more aroceler.'
b"The verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was more aroceler.'
b"The verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was more aroceler.'
b"The verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was more aroceler.'
b"The meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house"	b'was too tanguing.'
b"The meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room"	b'was too tanguing.'
b"The meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room"	b'was too tanguing.'
b"The meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house"	b'was too tanguing.'
b"The meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was omplably.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah"	b'always got the more qercust cases.'
b"The meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was omplably.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria"	b'always got the more qercust cases.'
b"The meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was omplably.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria"	b'always got the more qercust cases.'
b"The meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was omplably.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah"	b'always got the more qercust cases.'
b'The meaning of verotly is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too appectic.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too opanity.'
b'The meaning of verotly is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too appectic.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too opanity.'
b'The meaning of verotly is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too appectic.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too opanity.'
b'The meaning of verotly is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too appectic.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too opanity.'
b"The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the adfoon.\n\nThe word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium.\n\nThe word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother ntic.'
b"The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the adfoon.\n\nThe word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium.\n\nThe word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother ntic.'
b"The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the adfoon.\n\nThe word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium.\n\nThe word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia"	b'became a mother ntic.'
b"The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the adfoon.\n\nThe word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium.\n\nThe word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin"	b'became a mother ntic.'
b"The verb to phrosping means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a pilinfle.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have anessfors with.'
b"The verb to phrosping means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a pilinfle.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have anessfors with.'
b"The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a pilinfle.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan"	b'looked for someone else to have anessfor with.'
b"The verb to phrosping means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria phrospinged some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a pilinfle.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel"	b'looked for someone else to have anessfor with.'
b"The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a pilinfle.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are more rassionty.'
b"The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a pilinfle.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are more rassionty.'
b"The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe verb to bultritis means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a pilinfle.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers"	b'are more rassionty.'
b"The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe verb to bultritis means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a pilinfle.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books"	b'are more rassionty.'
b"The meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very hablitid person.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too riforce.'
b"The meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very hablitid person.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too riforce.'
b"The meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very hablitid person.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too riforce.'
b"The meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was verotly.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very hablitid person.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too riforce.'
b'The meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe word appectic means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is fleasiced.'
b'The meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe word appectic means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is fleasiced.'
b'The meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe word appectic means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is fleasiced.'
b'The meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe word appectic means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is fleasiced.'
b"The verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too riforce.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the adfoon.'
b"The verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too riforce.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the adfoon.'
b"The verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to bultritis means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too riforce.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan"	b'was the adfoon.'
b"The verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of ashlical is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a ashlical supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to bultritis means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too riforce.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel"	b'was the adfoon.'
b'The meaning of ulastanty is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was ariteabby.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very veradory bladder.'
b'The meaning of ulastanty is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was ariteabby.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very veradory bladder.'
b"The meaning of ulastanty is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was ariteabby.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty"	b'had a very veradory bladder.'
b"The meaning of ulastanty is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty when she tried it on.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was ariteabby.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia"	b'had a very veradory bladder.'
b'The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was llessy cold.'
b'The meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was llessy cold.'
b'The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe verb to bultritis means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph'	b'was llessy cold.'
b'The meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe verb to bultritis means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel'	b'was llessy cold.'
b"The meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more asynoth.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more asynoth.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more asynoth.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more asynoth.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b'was reralogy of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca"	b'was underoliker to go right to sleep.'
b"The meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica"	b'was underoliker to go right to sleep.'
b"The verb to bultritis means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica"	b'was underoliker to go right to sleep.'
b"The verb to bultritis means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently omplablyed a position.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca"	b'was underoliker to go right to sleep.'
b"The meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too appectic.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too underoliker to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me glikericed.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift"	b'is eandly.'
b"The meaning of appectic is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga was too appectic.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too underoliker to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me glikericed.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket"	b'is eandly.'
b"The meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too appectic.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too underoliker to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me glikericed.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket"	b'is eandly.'
b"The meaning of appectic is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear was too appectic.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too underoliker to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me glikericed.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift"	b'is eandly.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too riforce.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too unctimely.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ratinniced.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too riforce.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too unctimely.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ratinniced.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too riforce.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too unctimely.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad"	b'get too ratinniced.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too riforce.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too unctimely.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice"	b'get too ratinniced.'
b'The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees underoliker their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too elapticed.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more asynoth.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was lopdofy.'
b'The verb to ashlical means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ashlical.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees underoliker their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too elapticed.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more asynoth.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was lopdofy.'
b'The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees underoliker their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too elapticed.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more asynoth.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was lopdofy.'
b'The meaning of ashlical is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ashlical.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees underoliker their leaves in fall.\n\nThe meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too elapticed.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more asynoth.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was lopdofy.'
b"The meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is apawne.'
b"The meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is apawne.'
b"The meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn"	b'is apawne.'
b"The meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street"	b'is apawne.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already igraminy.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a pilinfle.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already igraminy.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a pilinfle.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already igraminy.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a pilinfle.'
b"The meaning of derwoly is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more derwoly on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had ogromal breath.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already igraminy.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a pilinfle.'
b'The meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very hablitid person.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very hablitid person.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very hablitid person.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very hablitid person.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe word inepaticed means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed.'
b'The meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe word inepaticed means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed.'
b'The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe word inepaticed means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed.'
b'The meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of unctimely is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too unctimely.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe word inepaticed means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks inepaticed.'
b'The meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always opanity.'
b'The meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain is fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always opanity.'
b'The meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always opanity.'
b'The meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush is fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always opanity.'
b"The meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of onsubow is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was onsubow.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria"	b'followed a ocrium diet.'
b"The meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of onsubow is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was onsubow.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia"	b'followed a ocrium diet.'
b"The meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of onsubow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was onsubow.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia"	b'followed a ocrium diet.'
b"The meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of onsubow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was onsubow.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria"	b'followed a ocrium diet.'
b"The meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was omplably.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too ulaeocky.'
b"The meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was omplably.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too ulaeocky.'
b"The meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was omplably.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too ulaeocky.'
b"The meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was omplably.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too ulaeocky.'
b"The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nThe word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThe word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of etallostic is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone"	b'is etallostic.'
b"The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nThe word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThe word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of etallostic is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table"	b'is etallostic.'
b"The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nThe word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of etallostic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table"	b'is etallostic.'
b"The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nThe word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more apawne than the water in the truck because the engine in the car had run more recently.\n\nThe meaning of etallostic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone"	b'is etallostic.'
b'The meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was verotly.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was geaming.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already igraminy.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to elaptic the dogs.'
b'The meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was verotly.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was geaming.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already igraminy.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to elaptic the dogs.'
b'The meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was verotly.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was geaming.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already igraminy.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to elaptic the dogs.'
b'The meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was verotly.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was geaming.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already igraminy.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to elaptic the dogs.'
b'The verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was apunhal to be damaged.'
b'The verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was apunhal to be damaged.'
b'The verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was apunhal to be damaged.'
b'The verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard was too fectitic.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was apunhal to be damaged.'
b"The meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin"	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation.'
b"The meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick"	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of reralogy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very inepaticed looking presentation.'
b'The verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was lopdofy.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too heacchy.'
b'The verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was lopdofy.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too heacchy.'
b'The verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was lopdofy.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too heacchy.'
b'The verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was lopdofy.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too heacchy.'
b"The meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too elapticed.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was chilicing.'
b"The meaning of elapticed is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner was too elapticed.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was chilicing.'
b"The meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too elapticed.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy"	b'was chilicing.'
b"The meaning of elapticed is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair was too elapticed.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena"	b'was chilicing.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was lopdofy.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes loligne liquors.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was lopdofy.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes loligne liquors.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was lopdofy.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia"	b'likes loligne liquors.'
b"The meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe meaning of lopdofy is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was lopdofy.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica"	b'likes loligne liquors.'
b'The verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The verb to thunass means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The verb to thunass means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal.\n\nThe meaning of priallord is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The word ocrium refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal.\n\nThe meaning of priallord is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal.\n\nThe meaning of priallord is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of ocrium is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia followed a ocrium diet.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal.\n\nThe meaning of priallord is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b"The meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water"	b'needed to be rundnessed.'
b"The meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand"	b'needed to be rundnessed.'
b"The meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand"	b'needed to be rundnessed.'
b"The meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water"	b'needed to be rundnessed.'
b'The verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of turanesh is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too turanesh.'
b'The verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of turanesh is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too turanesh.'
b'The verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too turanesh.'
b'The verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too turanesh.'
b'The meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe word appectic means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now appectic parked.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was geaming.'
b'The meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe word appectic means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now appectic parked.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was geaming.'
b'The meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe word appectic means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now appectic parked.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was geaming.'
b'The meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe word appectic means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now appectic parked.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was geaming.'
b'The verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very icatelly.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was thunassed with nutrients.'
b'The verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very icatelly.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was thunassed with nutrients.'
b'The verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very icatelly.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was thunassing with nutrients.'
b'The verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very icatelly.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was thunassing with nutrients.'
b'The word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe verb to ogromal means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe verb to ogromal means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe verb to ogromal means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe verb to ogromal means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The verb to ogromal means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'tuaent the money that day.'
b'The verb to ogromal means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'tuaent the money that day.'
b'The verb to ogromal means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'tuaent the money that day.'
b'The verb to ogromal means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason ogromal the rent for the apartment each month.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe meaning of eramped is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space is eramped.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'tuaent the money that day.'
b"The meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was omplably.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was omplably.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was ethiripy.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was omplably.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was omplably.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was ethiripy.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the shisconty size.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the shisconty size.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe word tcherad means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the shisconty size.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe word tcherad means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of shisconty is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the shisconty size.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already igraminy.'
b'The word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was ariteabby.\n\nThe meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is more ntic.'
b'The word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer was ariteabby.\n\nThe meaning of bultritish is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya is currently bultritish.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is more ntic.'
b"The word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was ariteabby.\n\nThe verb to bultritis means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent"	b'is more ntic.'
b"The word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary was ariteabby.\n\nThe verb to bultritis means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan is currently bultritis.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door"	b'is more ntic.'
b'The meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is eandly.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are more blectionaty.'
b'The meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is eandly.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are more blectionaty.'
b'The meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is eandly.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are blectionaty.'
b'The meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe meaning of eandly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is eandly.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are blectionaty.'
b"The meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose"	b'is nticky.'
b"The meaning of reralogy is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank"	b'is nticky.'
b'The meaning of reralogy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust.\n\nThe verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is nticked.'
b'The meaning of reralogy is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was reralogy of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of ratinniced is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too ratinniced.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was nticcer in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust.\n\nThe verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is nticked.'
b'The verb to priallord means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had ogromal breath.'
b'The verb to priallord means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had ogromal breath.'
b'The verb to priallord means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had ogromal breath.'
b'The verb to priallord means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could nonisdon the animal.\n\nThe meaning of rocipal is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in rocipal demand.\n\nThe meaning of ogromal is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had ogromal breath.'
b"The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had chilicing heels.\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too orchiniced.'
b"The verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had chilicing heels.\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too orchiniced.'
b"The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had chilicing heels.\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass"	b'was too orchiniced.'
b"The verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had chilicing heels.\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie"	b'was too orchiniced.'
b'The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her shiscont.'
b'The meaning of ntic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is more ntic.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup is too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her shiscont.'
b'The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her shiscont.'
b'The meaning of ntic is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is more ntic.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl is too opanity.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her shiscont.'
b'The verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie immediately.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe word appectic means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now appectic parked.'
b'The verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie immediately.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe word appectic means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now appectic parked.'
b'The verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron immediately.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe word appectic means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck'	b'was now appectic parked.'
b'The verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron immediately.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe word appectic means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car'	b'was now appectic parked.'
b'The meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was geaming.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was geaming.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'underoliker their leaves in fall.'
b"The meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was geaming.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees"	b'underoliker their leaves in fall.'
b"The meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of geaming is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was geaming.\n\nThe verb to underoliker means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees"	b'underoliker their leaves in fall.'
b"The meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was fleasiced.'
b"The meaning of inepaticed is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was fleasiced.'
b"The meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class"	b'was fleasicked.'
b"The meaning of inepaticed is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick had a very inepaticed looking presentation.\n\nThe word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story"	b'was fleasicked.'
b"The meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was omplably.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the onycol.'
b"The meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was omplably.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the onycol.'
b"The meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was omplably.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter"	b'left work after the onycol.'
b"The meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.\n\nThe meaning of omplably is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was omplably.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis"	b'left work after the onycol.'
b"The meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was tonaliny.'
b"The meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe word injove refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Randy 's face.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was tonaliny.'
b"The meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was tonaliny.'
b"The meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William mounhangs the color of their eyes.\n\nThe word injove refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The injove showed on Nick 's face.\n\nThe meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was tonaliny.'
b"The meaning of ocrium is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke them.\n\nThe meaning of ubstly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is ubstly.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a ochedly stick.'
b"The meaning of ocrium is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have anessfors with.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke them.\n\nThe meaning of ubstly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is ubstly.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a ochedly stick.'
b"The meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe meaning of ubstly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is ubstly.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a ochedly stick.'
b"The meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe word anessfor refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have anessfor with.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe meaning of ubstly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is ubstly.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a ochedly stick.'
b"The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium.\n\nThe word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room"	b'was more fleasiced.'
b"The verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium.\n\nThe word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom"	b'was more fleasiced.'
b"The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium.\n\nThe word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom"	b'was more fleasiced.'
b"The verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium.\n\nThe word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room"	b'was more fleasiced.'
b'The meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too tibleal.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe verb to priallord means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'priallord the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too tibleal.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe verb to priallord means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'priallord the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too tibleal.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe verb to priallord means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'priallord the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too tibleal.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura had a ulaeocky stomach.\n\nThe verb to priallord means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'priallord the peace and quiet.'
b"The meaning of loligne is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too loligne.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors tanguinged out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too tibleal.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently omplablyed a position.'
b"The meaning of loligne is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too loligne.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors tanguinged out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too tibleal.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently omplablyed a position.'
b"The meaning of loligne is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too loligne.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows tanguinged out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too tibleal.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William"	b'subsequently omplablyed a position.'
b"The meaning of loligne is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too loligne.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows tanguinged out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too tibleal.\n\nThe verb to omplably means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick"	b'subsequently omplablyed a position.'
b'The meaning of heacchy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was verotly.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The meaning of heacchy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix was too heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was verotly.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of heacchy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was verotly.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Betty"	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of heacchy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool was too heacchy.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was verotly.\n\nThe verb to tuaent means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah tuaent the money that day.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom was already igraminy.\n\nThe meaning of ulastanty is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very ulastanty for Samantha"	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal.\n\nThe word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me glikericed.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is lloit.'
b"The meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal.\n\nThe word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me glikericed.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is lloit.'
b"The meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal.\n\nThe word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me glikericed.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand"	b'is lloit.'
b"The meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal.\n\nThe word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of glikericed is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me glikericed.\n\nThe meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove"	b'is lloit.'
b'The meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of ubstly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is ubstly.'
b'The meaning of fleasiced is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of boormal is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is boormal.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of ubstly is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is ubstly.'
b"The verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nThe meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of ubstly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page"	b'is ubstly.'
b"The verb to fleasic means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was fleasicked.\n\nThe meaning of boormal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is boormal.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip was too trablucky and it hung out the bottom.\n\nThe word ochedly refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a ochedly stick.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe meaning of ubstly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list"	b'is ubstly.'
b'The meaning of turanesh is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of onsubow is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was onsubow.'
b'The meaning of turanesh is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book is goariny.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of onsubow is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was onsubow.'
b'The meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of onsubow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was onsubow.'
b'The meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh.\n\nThe meaning of goariny is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket is goariny.\n\nThe meaning of igraminy is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very igraminy cook.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe meaning of onsubow is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was onsubow.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe word daudoust means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept daudoust.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more asynoth.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was ingensemiced.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe word daudoust means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept daudoust.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more asynoth.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe word daudoust means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept daudoust.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more asynoth.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was ingensemiced.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe word daudoust means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept daudoust.\n\nThe verb to rundness means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be rundnessed.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more asynoth.'
b'The meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could nonisdon the animal.'
b'The meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe word ntick refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the south .\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could nonisdon the animal.'
b'The meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could nonisdon the animal.'
b'The meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe word ntick refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more ntick in the north .\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced.\n\nThe verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to nonisdon means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could nonisdon the animal.'
b"The meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had chilicing heels.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that ntic.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes had chilicing heels.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport is that ntic.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had chilicing heels.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that ntic.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots had chilicing heels.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe meaning of ntic is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse is that ntic.\n\nThe meaning of sellnessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was more sellnessy.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth"	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b"The meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too riforce.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more asynoth.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task.'
b"The meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too riforce.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more asynoth.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task.'
b"The meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too riforce.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more asynoth.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick"	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task.'
b"The meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of riforce is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too riforce.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more asynoth.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig"	b'lacked the anchrism needed for the task.'
b'The meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very icatelly.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the adfoon.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before.'
b'The meaning of ingensemiced is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence was very icatelly.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the adfoon.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before.'
b'The meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very icatelly.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the adfoon.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before.'
b'The meaning of ingensemiced is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very ingensemiced.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of icatelly is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick was very icatelly.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe word adfoon refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the adfoon.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed opanity the night before.'
b'The word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very hablitid person.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very ulaeocky.'
b'The word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very hablitid person.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was more tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very ulaeocky.'
b'The meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very hablitid person.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very ulaeocky.'
b'The meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe word onycol refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the onycol.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very hablitid person.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was more tripolopal.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very ulaeocky.'
b"The meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe word appectic means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots"	b'were trablucky.'
b"The meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are more blectionaty.\n\nThe word appectic means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts"	b'were trablucky.'
b"The meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe word appectic means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts"	b'were trablucky.'
b"The meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of blectionaty is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are blectionaty.\n\nThe word appectic means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots"	b'were trablucky.'
b'The word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe word ficysish means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe word turanesh refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of ficysish is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up more ficysish.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe word turanesh refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just turanesh Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b"The meaning of priallord is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too fectitic.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke them.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'verotlyed leather.'
b"The meaning of priallord is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron is too fectitic.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to smoke them.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'verotlyed leather.'
b"The meaning of priallord is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too fectitic.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'verotlyed leather.'
b"The meaning of priallord is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of fectitic is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt is too fectitic.\n\nThe word anchrism refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick lacked the anchrism needed for the task.\n\nThe meaning of erachne is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was erachne enough to pressure cook them.\n\nThe verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'verotlyed leather.'
b'The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The meaning of nticky is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is nticky.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe word heacchy means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The verb to ntick means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is nticked.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of heacchy is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran more heacchy than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b"The verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was unflowiny.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe word daudoust means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept daudoust.'
b"The verb to chilicing means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was unflowiny.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe word daudoust means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept daudoust.'
b"The verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was unflowiny.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe word daudoust means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept daudoust.'
b"The verb to chilicing means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just chilicinged some money.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was unflowiny.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe word daudoust means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept daudoust.'
b'The word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThe word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too tibleal.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The word opanity means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always opanity.\n\nThe word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro can be too tibleal.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium was more ianing.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThe word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too tibleal.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The word opanity means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always opanity.\n\nThe word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of tibleal is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef can be too tibleal.\n\nThe meaning of tanguing is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room was too tanguing.\n\nThe meaning of ianing is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park was more ianing.\n\nThe verb to apunhal means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'apunhal a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to priallord means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to priallord means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to priallord means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown was too chilicing.\n\nThe verb to priallord means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha priallord the peace and quiet.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah autivables during the field raid.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables were fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too underoliker to be useful.'
b'The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The verb to lebless means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of tcherad is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe word tcherad means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The verb to lebless means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena leblessing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to elaptic means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to elaptic the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck had a ulaeocky amount of gas.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe word tcherad means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a more tcherad running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of lloit is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is lloit.\n\nThe word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of lloit is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is lloit.\n\nThe word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nThe verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was apawne.\n\nThe meaning of pluckstic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a pluckstic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors tanguinged out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more asynoth.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'autivables during the field raid.'
b'The word ntic means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors tanguinged out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more asynoth.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'autivables during the field raid.'
b'The word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows tanguinged out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more asynoth.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'autivables during the field raid.'
b'The word ntic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother ntic.\n\nThe meaning of loligne is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes loligne liquors.\n\nThe verb to tanguing means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows tanguinged out the heat.\n\nThe meaning of asynoth is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more asynoth.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe verb to autivable means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'autivables during the field raid.'
b"The meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The meaning of tasmoust is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The meaning of tasmoust is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very tasmoust.\n\nThe meaning of tonaliny is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper was tonaliny.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is hablitid.\n\nThe meaning of haydrian is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily is more haydrian.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ariteabby diet.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'The meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman.\n\nThe word inepaticed means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks inepaticed.\n\nThe meaning of priallord is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.'
b'The meaning of gratously is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of anumman is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too anumman.\n\nThe word inepaticed means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks inepaticed.\n\nThe meaning of priallord is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the more reomych weathers.'
b'The meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman.\n\nThe word inepaticed means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks inepaticed.\n\nThe meaning of priallord is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.'
b'The meaning of gratously is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a gratously memory.\n\nThe meaning of apawne is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is apawne.\n\nThe meaning of anumman is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too anumman.\n\nThe word inepaticed means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks inepaticed.\n\nThe meaning of priallord is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much more priallord than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of reomych is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the reomych weathers.'
b"The verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock"	b'was ingensemiced.'
b"The verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was thunassed with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was more aroceler.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete"	b'was ingensemiced.'
b"The verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete"	b'was ingensemiced.'
b"The verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to rocipal means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis rocipal peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe verb to thunass means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was thunassing with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of aroceler is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was more aroceler.\n\nThe word shiscont refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her shiscont.\n\nThe meaning of ingensemiced is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock"	b'was ingensemiced.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie immediately.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was verotly.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was chilicing.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Leslie immediately.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was verotly.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron immediately.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was verotly.'
b'The meaning of chilicing is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was chilicing.\n\nThe verb to reaccry means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher reaccry Aaron immediately.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of orchiniced is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too orchiniced.\n\nThe meaning of apunhal is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was apunhal to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of verotly is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was verotly.'
b'The meaning of turanesh is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ariteabby diet.'
b'The meaning of turanesh is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of sprimian is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were sprimian.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ariteabby diet.'
b'The meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ariteabby diet.'
b'The meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe verb to sprimia means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were sprimiaing.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe meaning of ariteabby is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ariteabby diet.'
b"The meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe word hablitid means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the cable"	b'previously.'
b"The meaning of fleasiced is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word opanity means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too opanity.\n\nThe word hablitid means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the internet"	b'previously.'
b"The meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe word hablitid means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the internet"	b'previously.'
b"The meaning of fleasiced is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom was more fleasiced.\n\nThe verb to verotly means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy verotlyed leather.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe word opanity means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed opanity the night before.\n\nThe meaning of opanity is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too opanity.\n\nThe word hablitid means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had hablitid installed the cable"	b'previously.'
b'The verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a pilinfle.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was ethiripy.'
b'The verb to olastal means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan is a pilinfle.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing was too ocrium.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the catering industry.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was ethiripy.'
b'The verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a pilinfle.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was ethiripy.'
b'The verb to olastal means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to olastal.\n\nThe word pilinfle refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald is a pilinfle.\n\nThe verb to reomych means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to reomych it.\n\nThe meaning of ocrium is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin was too ocrium.\n\nThe word impignesh refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food impignesh more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale industry.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was ethiripy.'
b"The word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of turanesh is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe word daudoust means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig"	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes.'
b"The word llessy means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of turanesh is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too turanesh.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were trablucky.\n\nThe word daudoust means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William"	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes.'
b"The word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe word daudoust means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William"	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes.'
b"The word llessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was llessy cold.\n\nThe meaning of turanesh is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too turanesh.\n\nThe meaning of trablucky is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were trablucky.\n\nThe word daudoust means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car was kept daudoust.\n\nThe meaning of ulaeocky is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too ulaeocky.\n\nThe verb to mounhang means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig"	b'mounhangs the color of their eyes.'
b'The meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was dopygicked.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too chilicing.'
b'The meaning of rassionty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Kenneth had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nThe verb to dopygic means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael was dopygicked.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too chilicing.'
b'The meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of dopygiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was dopygiced.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown'	b'was too chilicing.'
b'The meaning of rassionty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more rassionty.\n\nThe meaning of reclaian is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path was reclaian.\n\nThe meaning of hercericed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had more hercericed skin than Craig so Craig had to use more of the moisturizer.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of dopygiced is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew was dopygiced.\n\nThe meaning of chilicing is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black'	b'was too chilicing.'
b'The meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were tripolopal.'
b'The meaning of veradory is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were tripolopal.'
b'The meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots'	b'were tripolopal.'
b'The meaning of veradory is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty had a very veradory bladder.\n\nThe verb to exanised means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie exanised they were lonely.\n\nThe verb to unctimely means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason unctimelyed the original language of the film.\n\nThe meaning of unflowiny is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was unflowiny.\n\nThe meaning of qercust is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the more qercust cases.\n\nThe meaning of tripolopal is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products'	b'were tripolopal.'
b"The verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nThe word appectic means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick"	b'is hablitid.'
b"The verb to tanguing means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the yams .\n\nThe word appectic means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig"	b'is hablitid.'
b"The verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nThe word appectic means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig"	b'is hablitid.'
b"The verb to tanguing means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished tanguinging their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of underoliker is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was underoliker to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of ethiripy is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very ethiripy.\n\nThe verb to asynoth means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows asynothed eating the corn .\n\nThe word appectic means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck was now appectic parked.\n\nThe meaning of hablitid is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick"	b'is hablitid.'
