b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'leripated violence. The verb to lerip means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of lerip is similar to fear.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'leripated violence. The verb to lerip means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of lerip is similar to fear.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'leripated violence. The verb to lerip means to push for something. The meaning of lerip is similar to advocate.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'leripated violence. The verb to lerip means to push for something. The meaning of lerip is similar to advocate.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too lotal. The meaning of lotal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of lotal is similar to large.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too lotal. The meaning of lotal is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of lotal is similar to large.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too lotal. The meaning of lotal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of lotal is similar to small.'
b"The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too lotal. The meaning of lotal is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of lotal is similar to small.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had melinged. The verb to meling means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of meling is similar to receive.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had melinged. The verb to meling means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of meling is similar to receive.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had melinged. The verb to meling means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of meling is similar to give.'
b'Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had melinged. The verb to meling means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of meling is similar to give.'
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't deniny. The meaning of deniny is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of deniny is similar to successful."
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't deniny. The meaning of deniny is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of deniny is similar to successful."
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't deniny. The meaning of deniny is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of deniny is similar to available."
b'Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't deniny. The meaning of deniny is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of deniny is similar to available."
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to nopol it. The verb to nopol means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of nopol is similar to repeat.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to nopol it. The verb to nopol means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of nopol is similar to repeat.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to nopol it. The verb to nopol means to react verbally. The meaning of nopol is similar to answer.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to nopol it. The verb to nopol means to react verbally. The meaning of nopol is similar to answer.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so ceistic. The word ceistic means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of ceistic is similar to fast.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so ceistic. The word ceistic means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of ceistic is similar to fast.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so ceistic. The meaning of ceistic is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of ceistic is similar to slow.'
b'The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so ceistic. The meaning of ceistic is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of ceistic is similar to slow.'
b'Frank felt elike when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to elike means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of elike is similar to vindicate.'
b'Frank felt elike when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to elike means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of elike is similar to vindicate.'
b'Frank felt elike when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to elike means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of elike is similar to crush.'
b'Frank felt elike when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to elike means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of elike is similar to crush.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so elike. The meaning of elike is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of elike is similar to weak.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so elike. The meaning of elike is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of elike is similar to weak.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so elike. The meaning of elike is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of elike is similar to heavy.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so elike. The meaning of elike is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of elike is similar to heavy.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of unger. The word unger refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of unger is similar to steel.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of unger. The word unger refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of unger is similar to steel.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of unger. The word unger refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of unger is similar to styrofoam.'
b'The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of unger. The word unger refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of unger is similar to styrofoam.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so nally. The meaning of nally is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of nally is similar to short.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so nally. The meaning of nally is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of nally is similar to short.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so nally. The meaning of nally is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of nally is similar to tall.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so nally. The meaning of nally is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of nally is similar to tall.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the evat of the stairs. The word evat refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of evat is similar to top.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the evat of the stairs. The word evat refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of evat is similar to top.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the evat of the stairs. The word evat refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of evat is similar to bottom.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the evat of the stairs. The word evat refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of evat is similar to bottom.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a ditral start. The meaning of ditral is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ditral is similar to good.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a ditral start. The meaning of ditral is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ditral is similar to good.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a ditral start. The meaning of ditral is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ditral is similar to bad.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a ditral start. The meaning of ditral is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of ditral is similar to bad.'
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't ionsed. The verb to ionse means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of ionse is similar to anchor."
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't ionsed. The verb to ionse means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of ionse is similar to anchor."
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't ionser. The word ionser refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of ionser is similar to level."
b'The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't ionser. The word ionser refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of ionser is similar to level."
b'Anna did a lot icatter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of icat is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of icat is similar to well.'
b'Anna did a lot icatter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of icat is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of icat is similar to well.'
b'Anna did a lot icatter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of icat is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of icat is similar to bad.'
b'Anna did a lot icatter than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of icat is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of icat is similar to bad.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we lamided The older students'	b'. The verb to lamid means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of lamid is similar to punish.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we lamided The younger students'	b'. The verb to lamid means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of lamid is similar to punish.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we lamided The younger students'	b'. The verb to lamid means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of lamid is similar to rescue.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we lamided The older students'	b'. The verb to lamid means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of lamid is similar to rescue.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was geoust. The meaning of geoust is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of geoust is similar to empty.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was geoust. The meaning of geoust is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of geoust is similar to empty.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was geoust. The meaning of geoust is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of geoust is similar to full.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was geoust. The meaning of geoust is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of geoust is similar to full.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is perder. The meaning of perder is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of perder is similar to nosy.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is perder. The meaning of perder is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of perder is similar to nosy.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is perder. The meaning of perder is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of perder is similar to indiscreet.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is perder. The meaning of perder is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of perder is similar to indiscreet.'
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't riness him. The verb to riness means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of riness is similar to convince."
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't riness him. The verb to riness means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of riness is similar to convince."
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't riness him. The verb to riness means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of riness is similar to understand."
b'Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't riness him. The verb to riness means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of riness is similar to understand."
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years iventier. The meaning of iventy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of iventy is similar to young.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years iventier. The meaning of iventy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of iventy is similar to young.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years iventier. The meaning of iventy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of iventy is similar to old.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years iventier. The meaning of iventy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of iventy is similar to old.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be ionce. The verb to ionce means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of ionce is similar to clean.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be ionce. The verb to ionce means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of ionce is similar to clean.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be ionce. The verb to ionce means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of ionce is similar to remove.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be ionce. The verb to ionce means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of ionce is similar to remove.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was opism, so it worked out. The meaning of opism is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of opism is similar to short.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was opism, so it worked out. The meaning of opism is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of opism is similar to short.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was opismd, so it worked out. The verb to opism means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of opism is similar to delay.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was opismd, so it worked out. The verb to opism means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of opism is similar to delay.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the riness. The word riness refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of riness is similar to trash.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the riness. The word riness refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of riness is similar to trash.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the riness. The word riness refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of riness is similar to drawer.'
b'I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the riness. The word riness refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of riness is similar to drawer.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be genter. The meaning of genter is easy to reach. The meaning of genter is similar to handy.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be genter. The meaning of genter is easy to reach. The meaning of genter is similar to handy.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be more genter. The meaning of genter is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of genter is similar to light.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be more genter. The meaning of genter is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of genter is similar to light.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too harmatic. The meaning of harmatic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of harmatic is similar to tall.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too harmatic. The meaning of harmatic is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of harmatic is similar to tall.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too harmatic. The meaning of harmatic is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of harmatic is similar to high.'
b"I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too harmatic. The meaning of harmatic is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of harmatic is similar to high.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very remony. The meaning of remony is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of remony is similar to good.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very remony. The meaning of remony is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of remony is similar to good.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very remony. The meaning of remony is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of remony is similar to famous.'
b"I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very remony. The meaning of remony is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of remony is similar to famous.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very nesticed. The meaning of nesticed is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of nesticed is similar to generous.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very nesticed. The meaning of nesticed is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of nesticed is similar to generous.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very nesticed. The meaning of nesticed is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of nesticed is similar to grateful.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very nesticed. The meaning of nesticed is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of nesticed is similar to grateful.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very amely. The meaning of amely is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of amely is similar to hurt.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very amely. The meaning of amely is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of amely is similar to hurt.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very amely. The meaning of amely is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of amely is similar to ungrateful.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very amely. The meaning of amely is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of amely is similar to ungrateful.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have hentled. The verb to hently means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of hently is similar to win.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have hentled. The verb to hently means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of hently is similar to win.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have hentled. The verb to hently means to fail to win. The meaning of hently is similar to lose.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have hentled. The verb to hently means to fail to win. The meaning of hently is similar to lose.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be berte by this time. The verb to berte means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of berte is similar to go.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be berte by this time. The verb to berte means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of berte is similar to go.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be berted by this time. The word berted means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of berted is similar to here.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be berted by this time. The word berted means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of berted is similar to here.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have nopoled a lot of money. The verb to nopol means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of nopol is similar to get.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have nopoled a lot of money. The verb to nopol means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of nopol is similar to get.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have nopoled a lot of money. The verb to nopol means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of nopol is similar to lose.'
b'If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have nopoled a lot of money. The verb to nopol means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of nopol is similar to lose.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was crogy. The meaning of crogy is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of crogy is similar to hot.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was crogy. The meaning of crogy is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of crogy is similar to hot.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more crogy. The meaning of crogy is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of crogy is similar to cool.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more crogy. The meaning of crogy is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of crogy is similar to cool.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too wasid. The meaning of wasid is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of wasid is similar to impatient.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too wasid. The meaning of wasid is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of wasid is similar to impatient.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too wasid. The meaning of wasid is showing careful forethought. The meaning of wasid is similar to cautious.'
b'The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too wasid. The meaning of wasid is showing careful forethought. The meaning of wasid is similar to cautious.'
b'Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming isat. The word isat refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of isat is similar to woman.'
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming isat. The word isat refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of isat is similar to woman.'
b"Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming isat. The word isat refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of isat is similar to baby.'
b'Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming isat. The word isat refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of isat is similar to baby.'
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to mogic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of mogic is similar to chat.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to mogic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of mogic is similar to chat.'
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to mogic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of mogic is similar to bark.'
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from mogicking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to mogic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of mogic is similar to bark.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was oriner. The meaning of oriner is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of oriner is similar to hungry.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was oriner. The meaning of oriner is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of oriner is similar to hungry.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was oriner. The meaning of oriner is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of oriner is similar to tasty.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was oriner. The meaning of oriner is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of oriner is similar to tasty.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the mingly. The word mingly refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of mingly is similar to bottom.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the mingly. The word mingly refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of mingly is similar to bottom.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the mingly. The word mingly refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of mingly is similar to top.'
b'The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the mingly. The word mingly refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of mingly is similar to top.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'harmated. The verb to harma means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of harma is similar to remove.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'harmated. The verb to harma means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of harma is similar to remove.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'harmated. The verb to harma means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of harma is similar to repair.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'harmated. The verb to harma means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of harma is similar to repair.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very inonessy. The meaning of inonessy is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of inonessy is similar to annoyed.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very inonessy. The meaning of inonessy is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of inonessy is similar to annoyed.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very inonessy. The meaning of inonessy is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of inonessy is similar to annoying.'
b'John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very inonessy. The meaning of inonessy is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of inonessy is similar to annoying.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very ameticed. The meaning of ameticed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ameticed is similar to impressed.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very ameticed. The meaning of ameticed is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of ameticed is similar to impressed.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very ameticed. The meaning of ameticed is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ameticed is similar to impressive.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very ameticed. The meaning of ameticed is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of ameticed is similar to impressive.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very seraly. The meaning of seraly is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of seraly is similar to ill.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very seraly. The meaning of seraly is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of seraly is similar to ill.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very seraly. The meaning of seraly is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of seraly is similar to concerned.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very seraly. The meaning of seraly is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of seraly is similar to concerned.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more deniny. The meaning of deniny is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of deniny is similar to truthful.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more deniny. The meaning of deniny is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of deniny is similar to truthful.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more deniny. The meaning of deniny is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of deniny is similar to skeptical.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more deniny. The meaning of deniny is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of deniny is similar to skeptical.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are ceisted because Paul writes so well. The verb to ceist means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of ceist is similar to grip.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are ceisted because Paul writes so well. The verb to ceist means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of ceist is similar to grip.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are ceistic because Paul writes so well. The meaning of ceistic is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of ceistic is similar to popular.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are ceistic because Paul writes so well. The meaning of ceistic is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of ceistic is similar to popular.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The flute'	b'since she was a child. The verb to alness means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of alness is similar to have.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The piece'	b'since she was a child. The verb to alness means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of alness is similar to have.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The piece'	b'since she was a child. The verb to alness means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of alness is similar to love.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has alnessed The flute'	b'since she was a child. The verb to alness means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of alness is similar to love.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to eting instead. The verb to eting means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of eting is similar to stand.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to eting instead. The verb to eting means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of eting is similar to stand.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to eting instead. The verb to eting means to deliver by singing. The meaning of eting is similar to sing.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to eting instead. The verb to eting means to deliver by singing. The meaning of eting is similar to sing.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to biline means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of biline is similar to read.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to biline means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of biline is similar to read.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to biline means to produce a literary work. The meaning of biline is similar to write.'
b'Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She biline The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to biline means to produce a literary work. The meaning of biline is similar to write.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The word nobiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of nobiced is similar to tide.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The flag'	b'down. The word nobiced refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of nobiced is similar to tide.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The flag'	b'down. The word nobiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of nobiced is similar to wind.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the nobiced knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The word nobiced refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of nobiced is similar to wind.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was melinged. The verb to meling means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of meling is similar to disappoint.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was melinged. The verb to meling means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of meling is similar to disappoint.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was meling. The word meling means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of meling is similar to out.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was meling. The word meling means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of meling is similar to out.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was rinessy to speak it fluently. The meaning of rinessy is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of rinessy is similar to eager.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was rinessy to speak it fluently. The meaning of rinessy is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of rinessy is similar to eager.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was rinessed to speak it fluently. The verb to riness means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of riness is similar to know.'
b'Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was rinessed to speak it fluently. The verb to riness means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of riness is similar to know.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't harma The path"	b'. The verb to harma means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of harma is similar to use.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't harma The lake"	b'. The verb to harma means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of harma is similar to use.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't harma The lake"	b'. The verb to harma means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of harma is similar to reach.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't harma The path"	b'. The verb to harma means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of harma is similar to reach.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was terism. The word terism means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of terism is similar to out.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was terism. The word terism means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of terism is similar to out.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was terismd. The verb to terism means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of terism is similar to go.'
b'The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was terismd. The verb to terism means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of terism is similar to go.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more irdian place to swim. The meaning of irdian is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of irdian is similar to safe.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more irdian place to swim. The meaning of irdian is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of irdian is similar to safe.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a irdian place to swim. The meaning of irdian is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of irdian is similar to dangerous.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a irdian place to swim. The meaning of irdian is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of irdian is similar to dangerous.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like osticed. The word osticed refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of osticed is similar to golfer.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like osticed. The word osticed refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of osticed is similar to golfer.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like osticed. The word osticed refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of osticed is similar to dog.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like osticed. The word osticed refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of osticed is similar to dog.'
b'Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could dibly. The verb to dibly means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of dibly is similar to work.'
b"Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could dibly. The verb to dibly means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of dibly is similar to work.'
b"Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could dibly. The verb to dibly means to be asleep. The meaning of dibly is similar to sleep.'
b'Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could dibly. The verb to dibly means to be asleep. The meaning of dibly is similar to sleep.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not liconed for the cold in Alaska. The verb to licon means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of licon is similar to prepare.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not liconed for the cold in Alaska. The verb to licon means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of licon is similar to prepare.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not liconed for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of liconed is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of liconed is similar to enough.'
b'Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not liconed for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of liconed is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of liconed is similar to enough.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been jarteing for five years. The verb to jarte means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of jarte is similar to travel.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been jarteing for five years. The verb to jarte means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of jarte is similar to travel.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been jarted for five years. The meaning of jarted is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of jarted is similar to dead.'
b"Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been jarted for five years. The meaning of jarted is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of jarted is similar to dead.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries aphistic. The word aphistic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of aphistic is similar to later.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries aphistic. The word aphistic means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of aphistic is similar to later.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries more aphistic. The word aphistic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of aphistic is similar to early.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries more aphistic. The word aphistic means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of aphistic is similar to early.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too oxenty. The meaning of oxenty is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of oxenty is similar to thick.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too oxenty. The meaning of oxenty is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of oxenty is similar to thick.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too oxenty. The meaning of oxenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of oxenty is similar to small.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too oxenty. The meaning of oxenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of oxenty is similar to small.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to rousnet The foxes'	b'. The verb to rousnet means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of rousnet is similar to kill.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to rousnet The chickens'	b'. The verb to rousnet means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of rousnet is similar to kill.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to rousnet The chickens'	b'. The verb to rousnet means to keep watch over. The meaning of rousnet is similar to guard.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to rousnet The foxes'	b'. The verb to rousnet means to keep watch over. The meaning of rousnet is similar to guard.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very siventy. The meaning of siventy is fearless and daring. The meaning of siventy is similar to bold.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very siventy. The meaning of siventy is fearless and daring. The meaning of siventy is similar to bold.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very siventy. The meaning of siventy is easily agitated. The meaning of siventy is similar to nervous.'
b'The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very siventy. The meaning of siventy is easily agitated. The meaning of siventy is similar to nervous.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to tedne means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of tedne is similar to open.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to tedne means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of tedne is similar to open.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to tedne means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of tedne is similar to lower.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tednes His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to tedne means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of tedne is similar to lower.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve vinglys old. The word vingly refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of vingly is similar to year.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve vinglys old. The word vingly refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of vingly is similar to year.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve vinglys old. The word vingly refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of vingly is similar to month.'
b'Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve vinglys old. The word vingly refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of vingly is similar to month.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were jarte within weeks. The verb to jarte means to win a victory over. The meaning of jarte is similar to defeat.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were jarte within weeks. The verb to jarte means to win a victory over. The meaning of jarte is similar to defeat.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were jarted within weeks. The meaning of jarted is having won. The meaning of jarted is similar to victorious.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were jarted within weeks. The meaning of jarted is having won. The meaning of jarted is similar to victorious.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for oriner on the river banks. The word oriner refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of oriner is similar to evidence.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for oriner on the river banks. The word oriner refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of oriner is similar to evidence.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for oriner on the river banks. The word oriner refers to adult male deer. The meaning of oriner is similar to deer.'
b'Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for oriner on the river banks. The word oriner refers to adult male deer. The meaning of oriner is similar to deer.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'chosted two years ago. The verb to chost means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of chost is similar to begin.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'chosted two years ago. The verb to chost means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of chost is similar to begin.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'chosted two years ago. The verb to chost means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of chost is similar to appear.'
b'The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'chosted two years ago. The verb to chost means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of chost is similar to appear.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very orser, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of orser is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of orser is similar to persistent.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very orser, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of orser is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of orser is similar to persistent.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very orser, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of orser is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of orser is similar to cooperative.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very orser, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of orser is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of orser is similar to cooperative.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to histic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to histic means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of histic is similar to stop.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to histic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to histic means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of histic is similar to stop.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to histic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to histic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of histic is similar to run.'
b'The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to histic the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to histic means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of histic is similar to run.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of harmat in it. The word harmat refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of harmat is similar to butter.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of harmat in it. The word harmat refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of harmat is similar to butter.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of harmates in it. The word harmat refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of harmat is similar to leftover.'
b'I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of harmates in it. The word harmat refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of harmat is similar to leftover.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be isatter. The meaning of isat is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of isat is similar to well.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be isatter. The meaning of isat is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of isat is similar to well.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be isat. The meaning of isat is not necessary. The meaning of isat is similar to unnecessary.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be isat. The meaning of isat is not necessary. The meaning of isat is similar to unnecessary.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the chost. The word chost refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of chost is similar to minority.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the chost. The word chost refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of chost is similar to minority.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the chost. The word chost refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of chost is similar to majority.'
b'When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the chost. The word chost refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of chost is similar to majority.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'unbanged a hole. The verb to unbang means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of unbang is similar to leave.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'unbanged a hole. The verb to unbang means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of unbang is similar to leave.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'unbanged a hole. The verb to unbang means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of unbang is similar to have.'
b'I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'unbanged a hole. The verb to unbang means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of unbang is similar to have.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of harmat. The word harmat refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of harmat is similar to coffee.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of harmat. The word harmat refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of harmat is similar to coffee.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of harmat. The word harmat refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of harmat is similar to ink.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of harmat. The word harmat refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of harmat is similar to ink.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'aliticks him hugely. The verb to alitic means to feel admiration for. The meaning of alitic is similar to admire.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'aliticks him hugely. The verb to alitic means to feel admiration for. The meaning of alitic is similar to admire.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'aliticks him hugely. The verb to alitic means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of alitic is similar to influence.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'aliticks him hugely. The verb to alitic means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of alitic is similar to influence.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too tiviced. The meaning of tiviced is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of tiviced is similar to wide.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too tiviced. The meaning of tiviced is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of tiviced is similar to wide.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too tiviced. The meaning of tiviced is not wide. The meaning of tiviced is similar to narrow.'
b"The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too tiviced. The meaning of tiviced is not wide. The meaning of tiviced is similar to narrow.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks occul on her. The meaning of occul is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of occul is similar to dowdy.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks occul on her. The meaning of occul is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of occul is similar to dowdy.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks occul on her. The meaning of occul is very good. The meaning of occul is similar to great.'
b'Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks occul on her. The meaning of occul is very good. The meaning of occul is similar to great.'
b'John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left. The verb to icatic means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of icatic is similar to promise.'
b'John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left. The verb to icatic means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of icatic is similar to promise.'
b'John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left. The verb to icatic means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of icatic is similar to order.'
b'John icaticked Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left. The verb to icatic means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of icatic is similar to order.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his ouske. The word ouske refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ouske is similar to research.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his ouske. The word ouske refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of ouske is similar to research.'
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b"faced in his ouske. The word ouske refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ouske is similar to childhood."
b"Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b"faced in his ouske. The word ouske refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of ouske is similar to childhood."
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'bilines the final report on the case. The verb to biline means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of biline is similar to receive.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'bilines the final report on the case. The verb to biline means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of biline is similar to receive.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'bilines the final report on the case. The verb to biline means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of biline is similar to deliver.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'bilines the final report on the case. The verb to biline means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of biline is similar to deliver.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was heing. The meaning of heing is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of heing is similar to slow.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was heing. The meaning of heing is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of heing is similar to slow.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was more heing. The meaning of heing is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of heing is similar to quick.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was more heing. The meaning of heing is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of heing is similar to quick.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Tom'	b'bishop. The verb to harma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of harma is similar to move.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Ralph'	b'bishop. The verb to harma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of harma is similar to move.'
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Ralph'	b"bishop. The verb to harma means to take into one's possession. The meaning of harma is similar to take."
b'Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he harmad Tom'	b"bishop. The verb to harma means to take into one's possession. The meaning of harma is similar to take."
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing azint. The word azint refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of azint is similar to strip.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing azint. The word azint refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of azint is similar to strip.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing azint. The word azint refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of azint is similar to gear.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing azint. The word azint refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of azint is similar to gear.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was ctic. The meaning of ctic is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of ctic is similar to full.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was ctic. The meaning of ctic is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of ctic is similar to full.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was ctic. The meaning of ctic is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of ctic is similar to hungry.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was ctic. The meaning of ctic is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of ctic is similar to hungry.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was nomaticed. The word nomaticed means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to over.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was nomaticed. The word nomaticed means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to over.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to next.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was nomaticed. The meaning of nomaticed is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of nomaticed is similar to next.'
b'nedlying The woman'	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to nedly means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of nedly is similar to stretch."
b'nedlying The girl'	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to nedly means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of nedly is similar to stretch."
b'nedlying The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to nedly means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of nedly is similar to pat.'
b'nedlying The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to nedly means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of nedly is similar to pat.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy"	b'toy. The verb to perder means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of perder is similar to accept.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby"	b'toy. The verb to perder means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of perder is similar to accept.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Toby"	b'toy. The verb to perder means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of perder is similar to share.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't perder Billy"	b'toy. The verb to perder means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of perder is similar to share.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'tiond. The word tiond refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of tiond is similar to silence.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'tiond. The word tiond refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of tiond is similar to silence.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'tiond. The word tiond refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of tiond is similar to concentration.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'tiond. The word tiond refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of tiond is similar to concentration.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a dynan look. The meaning of dynan is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of dynan is similar to sympathetic.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a dynan look. The meaning of dynan is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of dynan is similar to sympathetic.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a dynan look. The meaning of dynan is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of dynan is similar to stern.'
b'When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a dynan look. The meaning of dynan is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of dynan is similar to stern.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs melinged. The verb to meling means to feel physical pain. The meaning of meling is similar to ache.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs melinged. The verb to meling means to feel physical pain. The meaning of meling is similar to ache.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs melinged. The verb to meling means to hang freely. The meaning of meling is similar to dangle.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs melinged. The verb to meling means to hang freely. The meaning of meling is similar to dangle.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'histiced. The word histiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of histiced is similar to arm.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'histiced. The word histiced refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of histiced is similar to arm.'
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b"histiced. The word histiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of histiced is similar to bassinet."
b'The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b"histiced. The word histiced refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of histiced is similar to bassinet."
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were analish about it. The meaning of analish is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of analish is similar to furious.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were analish about it. The meaning of analish is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of analish is similar to furious.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were analish about it. The meaning of analish is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of analish is similar to embarrassed.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were analish about it. The meaning of analish is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of analish is similar to embarrassed.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b"had herine and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to herine means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of herine is similar to retire."
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b"had herine and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to herine means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of herine is similar to retire."
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had herinee and presented several options for future treatment. The word herinee refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of herinee is similar to cancer.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had herinee and presented several options for future treatment. The word herinee refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of herinee is similar to cancer.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very nally. The meaning of nally is showing or having compassion. The meaning of nally is similar to compassionate.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very nally. The meaning of nally is showing or having compassion. The meaning of nally is similar to compassionate.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very nally. The meaning of nally is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of nally is similar to cruel.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very nally. The meaning of nally is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of nally is similar to cruel.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to ishic means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of ishic is similar to suspect.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to ishic means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of ishic is similar to suspect.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to ishic means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of ishic is similar to regret.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca ishicked that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to ishic means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of ishic is similar to regret.'
