b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of tione is similar to open.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'acent violence. The verb to acent means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of acent is similar to fear.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of tione is similar to open.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'acent violence. The verb to acent means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of acent is similar to fear.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of tione is similar to lower.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'acent violence. The verb to acent means to push for something. The meaning of acent is similar to advocate.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of tione is similar to lower.\n\nThe city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'acent violence. The verb to acent means to push for something. The meaning of acent is similar to advocate.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was caling. The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of caling is similar to over.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unressy is similar to large.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was caling. The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of caling is similar to over.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unressy is similar to large.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was caling. The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of caling is similar to next.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unressy is similar to small.'
b"Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was caling. The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of caling is similar to next.\n\nThe trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too unressy. The meaning of unressy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of unressy is similar to small.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be promatic. The meaning of promatic is easy to reach. The meaning of promatic is similar to handy.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had calinged. The verb to caling means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of caling is similar to receive.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle would be promatic. The meaning of promatic is easy to reach. The meaning of promatic is similar to handy.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had calinged. The verb to caling means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of caling is similar to receive.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more promatic. The meaning of promatic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of promatic is similar to light.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had calinged. The verb to caling means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of caling is similar to give.'
b'I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack would be more promatic. The meaning of promatic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of promatic is similar to light.\n\nJoan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had calinged. The verb to caling means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of caling is similar to give.'
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain. The meaning of pecte is similar to ache.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of unressy is similar to successful."
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain. The meaning of pecte is similar to ache.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of unressy is similar to successful."
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to hang freely. The meaning of pecte is similar to dangle.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of unressy is similar to available."
b'As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to hang freely. The meaning of pecte is similar to dangle.\n\nPaul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of unressy is similar to available."
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of proma is similar to suspect.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of ingly is similar to repeat.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of proma is similar to suspect.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of ingly is similar to repeat.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of proma is similar to regret.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to react verbally. The meaning of ingly is similar to answer.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of proma is similar to regret.\n\nThe lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to react verbally. The meaning of ingly is similar to answer.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was caling. The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of caling is similar to over.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so patory. The word patory means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of patory is similar to fast.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill turn was caling. The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of caling is similar to over.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so patory. The word patory means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of patory is similar to fast.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was caling. The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of caling is similar to next.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so patory. The meaning of patory is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of patory is similar to slow.'
b'Bill passed the gameboy to John because John turn was caling. The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of caling is similar to next.\n\nThe delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so patory. The meaning of patory is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of patory is similar to slow.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of tione is similar to open.\n\nFrank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ectis means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of ectis is similar to vindicate.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of tione is similar to open.\n\nFrank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ectis means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of ectis is similar to vindicate.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of tione is similar to lower.\n\nFrank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ectis means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of ectis is similar to crush.'
b'Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of tione is similar to lower.\n\nFrank felt ectis when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition. The verb to ectis means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of ectis is similar to crush.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of pecte is similar to convince.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of enesh is similar to weak.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of pecte is similar to convince.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of enesh is similar to weak.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of pecte is similar to understand.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of enesh is similar to heavy.'
b"Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of pecte is similar to understand.\n\nThe man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of enesh is similar to heavy.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of proma is similar to suspect.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of tionee. The word tionee refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of tionee is similar to steel.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of proma is similar to suspect.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of tionee. The word tionee refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of tionee is similar to steel.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of proma is similar to regret.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of tionee. The word tionee refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of tionee is similar to styrofoam.'
b'Carol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of proma is similar to regret.\n\nThe large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of tionee. The word tionee refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of tionee is similar to styrofoam.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a tione look. The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of tione is similar to sympathetic.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of inessy is similar to short.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a tione look. The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of tione is similar to sympathetic.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of inessy is similar to short.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a tione look. The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of tione is similar to stern.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of inessy is similar to tall.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a tione look. The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of tione is similar to stern.\n\nJohn couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of inessy is similar to tall.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily unbum. The word unbum refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of unbum is similar to silence.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of decte is similar to top.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily unbum. The word unbum refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of unbum is similar to silence.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of decte is similar to top.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna unbum. The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of unbum is similar to concentration.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of decte is similar to bottom.'
b'Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna unbum. The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of unbum is similar to concentration.\n\nTom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of decte is similar to bottom.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of enesh is similar to weak.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of menoned is similar to good.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The man was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of enesh is similar to weak.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of menoned is similar to good.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of enesh is similar to heavy.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally"	b'had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of menoned is similar to bad.'
b"The man couldn't lift his son because The son was so enesh. The meaning of enesh is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of enesh is similar to heavy.\n\nAlthough they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue"	b'had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of menoned is similar to bad.'
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of eptic is similar to chat.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acent. The verb to acent means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of acent is similar to anchor."
b'Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of eptic is similar to chat.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acent. The verb to acent means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of acent is similar to anchor."
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of eptic is similar to bark.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf"	b"wasn't acent. The word acent refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of acent is similar to level."
b"Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of eptic is similar to bark.\n\nThe sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture"	b"wasn't acent. The word acent refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of acent is similar to level."
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish was menoned. The meaning of menoned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of menoned is similar to hungry.\n\nAnna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of mitid is similar to well.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The fish was menoned. The meaning of menoned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of menoned is similar to hungry.\n\nAnna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of mitid is similar to well.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm was menoned. The meaning of menoned is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of menoned is similar to tasty.\n\nAnna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of mitid is similar to bad.'
b'The fish ate the worm. The worm was menoned. The meaning of menoned is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of menoned is similar to tasty.\n\nAnna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of mitid is similar to bad.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of unressy is similar to successful.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students"	b'. The verb to undom means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of undom is similar to punish.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of unressy is similar to successful.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students"	b'. The verb to undom means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of undom is similar to punish.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of unressy is similar to available.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students"	b'. The verb to undom means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of undom is similar to rescue.'
b"Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George wasn't unressy. The meaning of unressy is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of unressy is similar to available.\n\nThe older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students"	b'. The verb to undom means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of undom is similar to rescue.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy toy. The verb to acent means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of acent is similar to accept.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was undom. The meaning of undom is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of undom is similar to empty.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy toy. The verb to acent means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of acent is similar to accept.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was undom. The meaning of undom is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of undom is similar to empty.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby toy. The verb to acent means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of acent is similar to share.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup"	b'was undom. The meaning of undom is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of undom is similar to full.'
b"Billy cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby toy. The verb to acent means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of acent is similar to share.\n\nI poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle"	b'was undom. The meaning of undom is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of undom is similar to full.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of unher is similar to remove.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of sallag is similar to nosy.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of unher is similar to remove.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of sallag is similar to nosy.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of unher is similar to repair.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of sallag is similar to indiscreet.'
b"In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of unher is similar to repair.\n\nSusan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is sallag. The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of sallag is similar to indiscreet.'
b"antry The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of antry is similar to stretch.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid"	b"couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of pecte is similar to convince."
b"antry The woman back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of antry is similar to stretch.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark"	b"couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of pecte is similar to convince."
b'antry The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of antry is similar to pat.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of pecte is similar to understand."
b'antry The girl back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of antry is similar to pat.\n\nSid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't pecte him. The verb to pecte means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of pecte is similar to understand."
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very tione. The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of tione is similar to hurt.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of mitid is similar to young.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very tione. The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of tione is similar to hurt.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of mitid is similar to young.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very tione. The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of tione is similar to ungrateful.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of mitid is similar to old.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very tione. The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of tione is similar to ungrateful.\n\nJoe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of mitid is similar to old.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a anderrer place to swim. The meaning of ander is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of ander is similar to safe.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of herop is similar to clean.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake was a anderrer place to swim. The meaning of ander is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of ander is similar to safe.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of herop is similar to clean.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a ander place to swim. The meaning of ander is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of ander is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of herop is similar to remove.'
b'We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach was a ander place to swim. The meaning of ander is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of ander is similar to dangerous.\n\nThe drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of herop is similar to remove.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so patory. The word patory means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of patory is similar to fast.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was menoned, so it worked out. The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of menoned is similar to short.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so patory. The word patory means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of patory is similar to fast.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was menoned, so it worked out. The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of menoned is similar to short.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so patory. The meaning of patory is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of patory is similar to slow.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was menoned, so it worked out. The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of menon is similar to delay.'
b"The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so patory. The meaning of patory is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of patory is similar to slow.\n\nMy meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was menoned, so it worked out. The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of menon is similar to delay.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of unher is similar to remove.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the epticed. The word epticed refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of epticed is similar to trash.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of unher is similar to remove.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the epticed. The word epticed refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of epticed is similar to trash.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of unher is similar to repair.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the epticed. The word epticed refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of epticed is similar to drawer.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of unher is similar to repair.\n\nI used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the epticed. The word epticed refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of epticed is similar to drawer.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of polly is similar to have.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be promatic. The meaning of promatic is easy to reach. The meaning of promatic is similar to handy.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of polly is similar to have.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be promatic. The meaning of promatic is easy to reach. The meaning of promatic is similar to handy.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of polly is similar to love.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be more promatic. The meaning of promatic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of promatic is similar to light.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of polly is similar to love.\n\nI took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be more promatic. The meaning of promatic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of promatic is similar to light.'
b"Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily unbum. The word unbum refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of unbum is similar to silence.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too unher. The meaning of unher is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of unher is similar to tall.'
b"Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily unbum. The word unbum refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of unbum is similar to silence.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too unher. The meaning of unher is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of unher is similar to tall.'
b"Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna unbum. The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of unbum is similar to concentration.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too unher. The meaning of unher is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of unher is similar to high.'
b"Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna unbum. The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of unbum is similar to concentration.\n\nI couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too unher. The meaning of unher is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of unher is similar to high.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ovent is similar to receive.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very ander. The meaning of ander is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ander is similar to good.'
b"Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ovent is similar to receive.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very ander. The meaning of ander is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ander is similar to good.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ovent is similar to deliver.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very ander. The meaning of ander is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of ander is similar to famous.'
b"Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ovent is similar to deliver.\n\nI'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very ander. The meaning of ander is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of ander is similar to famous.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The father calings. The word caling refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of caling is similar to arm.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of tione is similar to generous.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The father calings. The word caling refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of caling is similar to arm.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of tione is similar to generous.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy caling. The word caling refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of caling is similar to bassinet.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of tione is similar to grateful.'
b"The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy caling. The word caling refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of caling is similar to bassinet.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of tione is similar to grateful.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of ovent is similar to read.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of tione is similar to hurt.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of ovent is similar to read.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of tione is similar to hurt.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to produce a literary work. The meaning of ovent is similar to write.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of tione is similar to ungrateful.'
b"Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to produce a literary work. The meaning of ovent is similar to write.\n\nBob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very tione. The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of tione is similar to ungrateful.'
b"It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was epticed. The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of epticed is similar to hot.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of pation is similar to win.'
b"It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was epticed. The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of epticed is similar to hot.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of pation is similar to win.'
b"It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more epticed. The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of epticed is similar to cool.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win. The meaning of pation is similar to lose.'
b"It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more epticed. The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of epticed is similar to cool.\n\nBob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win. The meaning of pation is similar to lose.'
b"As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain. The meaning of pecte is similar to ache.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be promated by this time. The verb to proma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of proma is similar to go.'
b"As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain. The meaning of pecte is similar to ache.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be promated by this time. The verb to proma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of proma is similar to go.'
b"As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to hang freely. The meaning of pecte is similar to dangle.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be promatic by this time. The word promatic means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of promatic is similar to here.'
b"As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to hang freely. The meaning of pecte is similar to dangle.\n\nAdam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be promatic by this time. The word promatic means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of promatic is similar to here.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was epticed. The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of epticed is similar to hot.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money. The verb to ingly means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of ingly is similar to get.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog was epticed. The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of epticed is similar to hot.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money. The verb to ingly means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of ingly is similar to get.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more epticed. The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of epticed is similar to cool.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money. The verb to ingly means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of ingly is similar to lose.'
b'It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree was more epticed. The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of epticed is similar to cool.\n\nIf the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have inglyed a lot of money. The verb to ingly means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of ingly is similar to lose.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were articked within weeks. The verb to artic means to win a victory over. The meaning of artic is similar to defeat.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of epticed is similar to hot.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were articked within weeks. The verb to artic means to win a victory over. The meaning of artic is similar to defeat.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree"	b'was epticed. The meaning of epticed is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of epticed is similar to hot.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were articed within weeks. The meaning of articed is having won. The meaning of articed is similar to victorious.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree"	b'was more epticed. The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of epticed is similar to cool.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were articed within weeks. The meaning of articed is having won. The meaning of articed is similar to victorious.\n\nIt was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog"	b'was more epticed. The meaning of epticed is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of epticed is similar to cool.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of promat is similar to golfer.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too redle. The meaning of redle is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of redle is similar to impatient.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of promat is similar to golfer.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too redle. The meaning of redle is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of redle is similar to impatient.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of promat is similar to dog.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too redle. The meaning of redle is showing careful forethought. The meaning of redle is similar to cautious.'
b'Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of promat is similar to dog.\n\nThe cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too redle. The meaning of redle is showing careful forethought. The meaning of redle is similar to cautious.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of promat is similar to strip.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ectish. The word ectish refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of ectish is similar to woman.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of promat is similar to strip.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ectish. The word ectish refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of ectish is similar to woman.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of promat is similar to gear.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ectish. The word ectish refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of ectish is similar to baby.'
b'As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of promat is similar to gear.\n\nAnne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ectish. The word ectish refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of ectish is similar to baby.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was undom. The meaning of undom is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of undom is similar to slow.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of eptic is similar to chat.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan "Dibs!" was undom. The meaning of undom is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of undom is similar to slow.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of eptic is similar to chat.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was undommer. The meaning of undom is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of undom is similar to quick.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice\'s daughter'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of eptic is similar to bark.'
b'Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill "Dibs!" was undommer. The meaning of undom is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of undom is similar to quick.\n\nAlice tried frantically to stop her daughter from epticking at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely. The verb to eptic means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of eptic is similar to bark.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path . The verb to acent means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to use.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish"	b'was menoned. The meaning of menoned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of menoned is similar to hungry.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path . The verb to acent means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to use.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm"	b'was menoned. The meaning of menoned is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of menoned is similar to hungry.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake . The verb to acent means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of acent is similar to reach.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The worm"	b'was menoned. The meaning of menoned is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of menoned is similar to tasty.'
b"The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake . The verb to acent means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of acent is similar to reach.\n\nThe fish ate the worm. The fish"	b'was menoned. The meaning of menoned is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of menoned is similar to tasty.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were articked within weeks. The verb to artic means to win a victory over. The meaning of artic is similar to defeat.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the iness. The word iness refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of iness is similar to bottom.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka were articked within weeks. The verb to artic means to win a victory over. The meaning of artic is similar to defeat.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the iness. The word iness refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of iness is similar to bottom.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were articed within weeks. The meaning of articed is having won. The meaning of articed is similar to victorious.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat"	b'waited at the iness. The word iness refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of iness is similar to top.'
b"In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk were articed within weeks. The meaning of articed is having won. The meaning of articed is similar to victorious.\n\nThe dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog"	b'waited at the iness. The word iness refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of iness is similar to top.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be promated by this time. The verb to proma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of proma is similar to go.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of unher is similar to remove.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam would be promated by this time. The verb to proma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of proma is similar to go.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of unher is similar to remove.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be promatic by this time. The word promatic means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of promatic is similar to here.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof"	b'unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of unher is similar to repair.'
b"Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob would be promatic by this time. The word promatic means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of promatic is similar to here.\n\nIn the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree"	b'unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of unher is similar to repair.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was menoned, so it worked out. The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of menoned is similar to short.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very patory. The meaning of patory is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of patory is similar to annoyed.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was menoned, so it worked out. The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of menoned is similar to short.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very patory. The meaning of patory is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of patory is similar to annoyed.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was menoned, so it worked out. The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of menon is similar to delay.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man"	b'was very patory. The meaning of patory is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of patory is similar to annoying.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was menoned, so it worked out. The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of menon is similar to delay.\n\nJohn was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John"	b'was very patory. The meaning of patory is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of patory is similar to annoying.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of redle is similar to stand.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of acenty is similar to impressed.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of redle is similar to stand.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of acenty is similar to impressed.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. The meaning of redle is similar to sing.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of acenty is similar to impressive.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. The meaning of redle is similar to sing.\n\nJohn was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of acenty is similar to impressive.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are pated because Paul writes so well. The verb to pation means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of pation is similar to grip.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ectish is similar to ill.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People are pated because Paul writes so well. The verb to pation means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of pation is similar to grip.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ectish is similar to ill.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are patory because Paul writes so well. The meaning of patory is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of patory is similar to popular.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl"	b'was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of ectish is similar to concerned.'
b"Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books are patory because Paul writes so well. The meaning of patory is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of patory is similar to popular.\n\nBob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob"	b'was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of ectish is similar to concerned.'
b'Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of mitid is similar to well.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of unressy is similar to truthful.'
b'Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of mitid is similar to well.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of unressy is similar to truthful.'
b'Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of mitid is similar to bad.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of unressy is similar to skeptical.'
b'Anna did a lot mitidder than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy had studied so hard. The meaning of mitid is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of mitid is similar to bad.\n\nMark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of unressy is similar to skeptical.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was menoned, so it worked out. The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of menoned is similar to short.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are pated because Paul writes so well. The verb to pation means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of pation is similar to grip.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting was menoned, so it worked out. The meaning of menoned is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of menoned is similar to short.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are pated because Paul writes so well. The verb to pation means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of pation is similar to grip.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was menoned, so it worked out. The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of menon is similar to delay.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are patory because Paul writes so well. The meaning of patory is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of patory is similar to popular.'
b"My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train was menoned, so it worked out. The verb to menon means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of menon is similar to delay.\n\nMany people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are patory because Paul writes so well. The meaning of patory is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of patory is similar to popular.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of unressy is similar to truthful.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute'	b'since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of polly is similar to have.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of unressy is similar to truthful.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece'	b'since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of polly is similar to have.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of unressy is similar to skeptical.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece'	b'since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of polly is similar to love.'
b'Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of unressy is similar to skeptical.\n\nMary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute'	b'since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of polly is similar to love.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of decte is similar to top.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of redle is similar to stand.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of decte is similar to top.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of redle is similar to stand.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of decte is similar to bottom.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. The meaning of redle is similar to sing.'
b'Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray reached the decte of the stairs. The word decte refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of decte is similar to bottom.\n\nSam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. The meaning of redle is similar to sing.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of redle is similar to stand.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of ovent is similar to read.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of redle is similar to stand.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of ovent is similar to read.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. The meaning of redle is similar to sing.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The article'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to produce a literary work. The meaning of ovent is similar to write.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. The meaning of redle is similar to sing.\n\nSara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ovent The book'	b'when she gets home from work. The verb to ovent means to produce a literary work. The meaning of ovent is similar to write.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of unher is similar to remove.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The word mitid refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of mitid is similar to tide.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree unher. The verb to unher means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of unher is similar to remove.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag'	b'down. The word mitid refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of mitid is similar to tide.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of unher is similar to repair.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag'	b'down. The word mitid refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of mitid is similar to wind.'
b'In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof unher. The verb to unher means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of unher is similar to repair.\n\nThis morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle'	b'down. The word mitid refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of mitid is similar to wind.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not decte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to decte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of decte is similar to prepare.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was pecte. The verb to pecte means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of pecte is similar to disappoint.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice were not decte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to decte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of decte is similar to prepare.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was pecte. The verb to pecte means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of pecte is similar to disappoint.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not dected for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of dected is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of dected is similar to enough.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was pected. The word pected means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of pected is similar to out.'
b"Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not dected for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of dected is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of dected is similar to enough.\n\nJane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was pected. The word pected means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of pected is similar to out.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was alind. The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of alind is similar to full.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently. The meaning of menoned is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of menoned is similar to eager.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was alind. The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of alind is similar to full.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently. The meaning of menoned is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of menoned is similar to eager.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was alind. The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of alind is similar to hungry.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently. The verb to menon means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of menon is similar to know.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was alind. The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of alind is similar to hungry.\n\nSam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was menoned to speak it fluently. The verb to menon means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of menon is similar to know.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of promat is similar to strip.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path"	b'. The verb to acent means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to use.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of promat is similar to strip.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake"	b'. The verb to acent means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of acent is similar to use.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of promat is similar to gear.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The lake"	b'. The verb to acent means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of acent is similar to reach.'
b"As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of promat is similar to gear.\n\nThe path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't acent The path"	b'. The verb to acent means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of acent is similar to reach.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was pecte. The verb to pecte means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of pecte is similar to disappoint.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun"	b'was unher. The word unher means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of unher is similar to out.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane was pecte. The verb to pecte means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of pecte is similar to disappoint.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud"	b'was unher. The word unher means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of unher is similar to out.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was pected. The word pected means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of pected is similar to out.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud"	b'was unher. The verb to unher means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unher is similar to go.'
b"Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan was pected. The word pected means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of pected is similar to out.\n\nThe sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun"	b'was unher. The verb to unher means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unher is similar to go.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was alind. The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of alind is similar to full.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a anderrer place to swim. The meaning of ander is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of ander is similar to safe.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill was alind. The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of alind is similar to full.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a anderrer place to swim. The meaning of ander is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of ander is similar to safe.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was alind. The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of alind is similar to hungry.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a ander place to swim. The meaning of ander is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of ander is similar to dangerous.'
b'Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John was alind. The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of alind is similar to hungry.\n\nWe went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a ander place to swim. The meaning of ander is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of ander is similar to dangerous.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too antry. The meaning of antry is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of antry is similar to thick.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of promat is similar to golfer.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree is too antry. The meaning of antry is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of antry is similar to thick.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of promat is similar to golfer.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too antry. The meaning of antry is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of antry is similar to small.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep"	b'ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of promat is similar to dog.'
b"I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe is too antry. The meaning of antry is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of antry is similar to small.\n\nSam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds"	b'ended up looking more like promates. The word promat refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of promat is similar to dog.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of mitid is similar to young.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could redle. The verb to redle means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of redle is similar to work.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of mitid is similar to young.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could redle. The verb to redle means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of redle is similar to work.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of mitid is similar to old.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could redle. The verb to redle means to be asleep. The meaning of redle is similar to sleep.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of mitid is similar to old.\n\nMary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary"	b'could redle. The verb to redle means to be asleep. The meaning of redle is similar to sleep.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ectish is similar to ill.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not decte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to decte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of decte is similar to prepare.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ectish is similar to ill.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not decte for the cold in Alaska. The verb to decte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of decte is similar to prepare.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of ectish is similar to concerned.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not dected for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of dected is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of dected is similar to enough.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of ectish is similar to concerned.\n\nFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not dected for the cold in Alaska. The meaning of dected is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of dected is similar to enough.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a tione look. The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of tione is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been antry for five years. The verb to antry means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of antry is similar to travel.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy a tione look. The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of tione is similar to sympathetic.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been antry for five years. The verb to antry means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of antry is similar to travel.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a tione look. The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of tione is similar to stern.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been antry for five years. The meaning of antry is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of antry is similar to dead.'
b"When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy a tione look. The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of tione is similar to stern.\n\nThomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been antry for five years. The meaning of antry is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of antry is similar to dead.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of mitid is similar to young.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries menoned. The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of menoned is similar to later.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of mitid is similar to young.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries menoned. The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of menoned is similar to later.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of mitid is similar to old.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold"	b'lived two centuries more menoned. The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of menoned is similar to early.'
b"Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle is 30 years mitidder. The meaning of mitid is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of mitid is similar to old.\n\nJackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson"	b'lived two centuries more menoned. The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of menoned is similar to early.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is sallag. The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of sallag is similar to nosy.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too antry. The meaning of antry is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of antry is similar to thick.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is sallag. The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of sallag is similar to nosy.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too antry. The meaning of antry is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of antry is similar to thick.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is sallag. The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of sallag is similar to indiscreet.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too antry. The meaning of antry is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of antry is similar to small.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is sallag. The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of sallag is similar to indiscreet.\n\nI can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too antry. The meaning of antry is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of antry is similar to small.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is sallag. The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of sallag is similar to nosy.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The foxes"	b'. The verb to chism means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of chism is similar to kill.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan is sallag. The meaning of sallag is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of sallag is similar to nosy.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The chickens"	b'. The verb to chism means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of chism is similar to kill.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is sallag. The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of sallag is similar to indiscreet.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The chickens"	b'. The verb to chism means to keep watch over. The meaning of chism is similar to guard.'
b"Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann is sallag. The meaning of sallag is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of sallag is similar to indiscreet.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to chism The foxes"	b'. The verb to chism means to keep watch over. The meaning of chism is similar to guard.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of redle is similar to stand.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very caling. The meaning of caling is fearless and daring. The meaning of caling is similar to bold.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of redle is similar to stand.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very caling. The meaning of caling is fearless and daring. The meaning of caling is similar to bold.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. The meaning of redle is similar to sing.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very caling. The meaning of caling is easily agitated. The meaning of caling is similar to nervous.'
b'Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano was broken, so he had to redle instead. The verb to redle means to deliver by singing. The meaning of redle is similar to sing.\n\nThe foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very caling. The meaning of caling is easily agitated. The meaning of caling is similar to nervous.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of polly is similar to have.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of tione is similar to open.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The flute since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of polly is similar to have.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of tione is similar to open.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of polly is similar to love.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His hands'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of tione is similar to lower.'
b'Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has pollyed The piece since she was a child. The verb to polly means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of polly is similar to love.\n\nFred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He tiones His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped. The verb to tione means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of tione is similar to lower.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle down. The word mitid refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of mitid is similar to tide.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve anderes old. The word ander refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of ander is similar to year.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The sand castle down. The word mitid refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of mitid is similar to tide.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve anderes old. The word ander refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of ander is similar to year.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag down. The word mitid refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of mitid is similar to wind.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve anderes old. The word ander refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of ander is similar to month.'
b'This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the mitid knocked The flag down. The word mitid refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of mitid is similar to wind.\n\nFred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve anderes old. The word ander refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of ander is similar to month.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of antry is similar to dowdy.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were articked within weeks. The verb to artic means to win a victory over. The meaning of artic is similar to defeat.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of antry is similar to dowdy.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were articked within weeks. The verb to artic means to win a victory over. The meaning of artic is similar to defeat.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is very good. The meaning of antry is similar to great.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were articed within weeks. The meaning of articed is having won. The meaning of articed is similar to victorious.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is very good. The meaning of antry is similar to great.\n\nIn July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were articed within weeks. The meaning of articed is having won. The meaning of articed is similar to victorious.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had epticked and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to eptic means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of eptic is similar to retire.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists"	b'hunted for chism on the river banks. The word chism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of chism is similar to evidence.'
b"Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams had epticked and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to eptic means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of eptic is similar to retire.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans"	b'hunted for chism on the river banks. The word chism refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of chism is similar to evidence.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had epticed and presented several options for future treatment. The word epticed refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of epticed is similar to cancer.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for chism on the river banks. The word chism refers to adult male deer. The meaning of chism is similar to deer.'
b'Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate had epticed and presented several options for future treatment. The word epticed refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of epticed is similar to cancer.\n\nArchaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for chism on the river banks. The word chism refers to adult male deer. The meaning of chism is similar to deer.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen acent violence. The verb to acent means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of acent is similar to fear.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'inessed two years ago. The verb to iness means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of iness is similar to begin.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen acent violence. The verb to acent means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of acent is similar to fear.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'inessed two years ago. The verb to iness means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of iness is similar to begin.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators acent violence. The verb to acent means to push for something. The meaning of acent is similar to advocate.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'inessed two years ago. The verb to iness means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of iness is similar to appear.'
b'The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators acent violence. The verb to acent means to push for something. The meaning of acent is similar to advocate.\n\nThe scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'inessed two years ago. The verb to iness means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of iness is similar to appear.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries menoned. The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of menoned is similar to later.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of acenty is similar to persistent.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries menoned. The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of menoned is similar to later.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of acenty is similar to persistent.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more menoned. The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of menoned is similar to early.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of acenty is similar to cooperative.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more menoned. The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of menoned is similar to early.\n\nThe journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of acenty is similar to cooperative.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of menoned is similar to good.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to pation means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of pation is similar to stop.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of menoned is similar to good.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to pation means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of pation is similar to stop.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of menoned is similar to bad.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to pation means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of pation is similar to run.'
b'Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally had such a menoned start. The meaning of menoned is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of menoned is similar to bad.\n\nThe police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to pation the drug trade in the neighborhood. The verb to pation means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of pation is similar to run.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very tione. The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of tione is similar to hurt.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of unher in it. The word unher refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of unher is similar to butter.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob is very tione. The meaning of tione is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of tione is similar to hurt.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of unher in it. The word unher refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of unher is similar to butter.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very tione. The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of tione is similar to ungrateful.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator"	b'has a lot of unheres in it. The word unher refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of unher is similar to leftover.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie is very tione. The meaning of tione is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of tione is similar to ungrateful.\n\nI put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake"	b'has a lot of unheres in it. The word unher refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of unher is similar to leftover.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of pation is similar to win.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be more ectish. The meaning of ectish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ectish is similar to well.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of pation is similar to win.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be more ectish. The meaning of ectish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ectish is similar to well.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win. The meaning of pation is similar to lose.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be ectish. The meaning of ectish is not necessary. The meaning of ectish is similar to unnecessary.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win. The meaning of pation is similar to lose.\n\nSam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be ectish. The meaning of ectish is not necessary. The meaning of ectish is similar to unnecessary.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of pation is similar to win.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the iness. The word iness refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of iness is similar to minority.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of pation is similar to win.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the iness. The word iness refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of iness is similar to minority.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win. The meaning of pation is similar to lose.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents"	b'were very much in the iness. The word iness refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of iness is similar to majority.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win. The meaning of pation is similar to lose.\n\nWhen the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors"	b'were very much in the iness. The word iness refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of iness is similar to majority.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of ingly is similar to repeat.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'pollyed a hole. The verb to polly means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of polly is similar to leave.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of ingly is similar to repeat.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'pollyed a hole. The verb to polly means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of polly is similar to leave.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to react verbally. The meaning of ingly is similar to answer.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'pollyed a hole. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of polly is similar to have.'
b'The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to ingly it. The verb to ingly means to react verbally. The meaning of ingly is similar to answer.\n\nI stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'pollyed a hole. The verb to polly means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of polly is similar to have.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of antry is similar to dowdy.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of articed. The word articed refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of articed is similar to coffee.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of antry is similar to dowdy.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of articed. The word articed refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of articed is similar to coffee.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is very good. The meaning of antry is similar to great.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of articed. The word articed refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of articed is similar to ink.'
b"Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is very good. The meaning of antry is similar to great.\n\nI couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of articed. The word articed refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of articed is similar to ink.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of unressy is similar to truthful.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for. The meaning of eptic is similar to admire.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of unressy is similar to truthful.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for. The meaning of eptic is similar to admire.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of unressy is similar to skeptical.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of eptic is similar to influence.'
b"Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete should have been more unressy. The meaning of unressy is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of unressy is similar to skeptical.\n\nSteve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of eptic is similar to influence.'
b"Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was menoned to speak it fluently. The meaning of menoned is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of menoned is similar to eager.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesh. The meaning of enesh is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of enesh is similar to wide.'
b"Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam was menoned to speak it fluently. The meaning of menoned is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of menoned is similar to eager.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesh. The meaning of enesh is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of enesh is similar to wide.'
b"Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was menoned to speak it fluently. The verb to menon means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of menon is similar to know.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesh. The meaning of enesh is not wide. The meaning of enesh is similar to narrow.'
b"Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam was menoned to speak it fluently. The verb to menon means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of menon is similar to know.\n\nThe table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesh. The meaning of enesh is not wide. The meaning of enesh is similar to narrow.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very redle. The meaning of redle is showing or having compassion. The meaning of redle is similar to compassionate.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of antry is similar to dowdy.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan is very redle. The meaning of redle is showing or having compassion. The meaning of redle is similar to compassionate.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of antry is similar to dowdy.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very redle. The meaning of redle is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of redle is similar to cruel.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is very good. The meaning of antry is similar to great.'
b'Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill is very redle. The meaning of redle is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of redle is similar to cruel.\n\nGrace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks antry on her. The meaning of antry is very good. The meaning of antry is similar to great.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ovent is similar to receive.\n\nJohn salla Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left. The verb to salla means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of salla is similar to promise.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ovent is similar to receive.\n\nJohn salla Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left. The verb to salla means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of salla is similar to promise.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ovent is similar to deliver.\n\nJohn salla Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left. The verb to salla means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of salla is similar to order.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ovent is similar to deliver.\n\nJohn salla Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left. The verb to salla means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of salla is similar to order.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of unbum is similar to furious.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his pecte. The word pecte refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of pecte is similar to research.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of unbum is similar to furious.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his pecte. The word pecte refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of pecte is similar to research.'
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of unbum is similar to embarrassed.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b"faced in his pecte. The word pecte refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of pecte is similar to childhood."
b"Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of unbum is similar to embarrassed.\n\nSam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b"faced in his pecte. The word pecte refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of pecte is similar to childhood."
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of acenty is similar to impressed.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ovent is similar to receive.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of acenty is similar to impressed.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ovent is similar to receive.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of acenty is similar to impressive.\n\nJoe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ovent is similar to deliver.'
b'John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler was very acenty. The meaning of acenty is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of acenty is similar to impressive.\n\nJoe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ovent is similar to deliver.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for. The meaning of eptic is similar to admire.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was undom. The meaning of undom is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of undom is similar to slow.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for. The meaning of eptic is similar to admire.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was undom. The meaning of undom is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of undom is similar to slow.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of eptic is similar to influence.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill"	b'"Dibs!" was undommer. The meaning of undom is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of undom is similar to quick.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of eptic is similar to influence.\n\nDan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan"	b'"Dibs!" was undommer. The meaning of undom is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of undom is similar to quick.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries menoned. The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of menoned is similar to later.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Tom'	b'bishop. The verb to unher means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unher is similar to move.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson lived two centuries menoned. The word menoned means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of menoned is similar to later.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Ralph'	b'bishop. The verb to unher means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of unher is similar to move.'
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more menoned. The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of menoned is similar to early.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Ralph'	b"bishop. The verb to unher means to take into one's possession. The meaning of unher is similar to take."
b'Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold lived two centuries more menoned. The word menoned means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of menoned is similar to early.\n\nTom said "Check" to Ralph as he unhered Tom'	b"bishop. The verb to unher means to take into one's possession. The meaning of unher is similar to take."
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of herop is similar to clean.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of promat is similar to strip.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The drain has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of herop is similar to clean.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of promat is similar to strip.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of herop is similar to remove.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of promat is similar to gear.'
b'The drain is clogged with hair. The hair has to be heroped. The verb to herop means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of herop is similar to remove.\n\nAs Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing promat. The word promat refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of promat is similar to gear.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of articed. The word articed refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of articed is similar to coffee.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was alind. The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of alind is similar to full.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen got full of articed. The word articed refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of articed is similar to coffee.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was alind. The meaning of alind is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of alind is similar to full.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of articed. The word articed refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of articed is similar to ink.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because John"	b'was alind. The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of alind is similar to hungry.'
b"I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee got full of articed. The word articed refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of articed is similar to ink.\n\nBill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill"	b'was alind. The meaning of alind is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of alind is similar to hungry.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of acenty is similar to persistent.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was caling. The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of caling is similar to over.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of acenty is similar to persistent.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was caling. The word caling means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of caling is similar to over.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of acenty is similar to cooperative.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was caling. The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of caling is similar to next.'
b'The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars were very acenty, so the interview lasted for a long time. The meaning of acenty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of acenty is similar to cooperative.\n\nBill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was caling. The meaning of caling is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of caling is similar to next.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for. The meaning of eptic is similar to admire.\n\nantry The woman"	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of antry is similar to stretch."
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to feel admiration for. The meaning of eptic is similar to admire.\n\nantry The girl"	b"back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of antry is similar to stretch."
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of eptic is similar to influence.\n\nantry The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of antry is similar to pat.'
b"Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred epticks him hugely. The verb to eptic means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of eptic is similar to influence.\n\nantry The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl. The verb to antry means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of antry is similar to pat.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ectish is similar to ill.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy"	b'toy. The verb to acent means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of acent is similar to accept.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ectish is similar to ill.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby"	b'toy. The verb to acent means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of acent is similar to accept.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of ectish is similar to concerned.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't acent Toby"	b'toy. The verb to acent means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of acent is similar to share.'
b"Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of ectish is similar to concerned.\n\nBilly cried because Toby wouldn't acent Billy"	b'toy. The verb to acent means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of acent is similar to share.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was undom. The meaning of undom is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of undom is similar to empty.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'unbum. The word unbum refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of unbum is similar to silence.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle was undom. The meaning of undom is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of undom is similar to empty.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'unbum. The word unbum refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of unbum is similar to silence.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was undom. The meaning of undom is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of undom is similar to full.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'unbum. The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of unbum is similar to concentration.'
b'I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup was undom. The meaning of undom is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of undom is similar to full.\n\nLily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'unbum. The word unbum refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of unbum is similar to concentration.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ectish is similar to ill.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a tione look. The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of tione is similar to sympathetic.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of ectish is similar to ill.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a tione look. The meaning of tione is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of tione is similar to sympathetic.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of ectish is similar to concerned.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a tione look. The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of tione is similar to stern.'
b'Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl was very ectish. The meaning of ectish is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of ectish is similar to concerned.\n\nWhen Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a tione look. The meaning of tione is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of tione is similar to stern.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students . The verb to undom means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of undom is similar to punish.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain. The meaning of pecte is similar to ache.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The older students . The verb to undom means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of undom is similar to punish.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to feel physical pain. The meaning of pecte is similar to ache.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students . The verb to undom means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of undom is similar to rescue.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to hang freely. The meaning of pecte is similar to dangle.'
b'The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we undomd The younger students . The verb to undom means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of undom is similar to rescue.\n\nAs Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs pecte. The verb to pecte means to hang freely. The meaning of pecte is similar to dangle.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of inessy is similar to short.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'calings. The word caling refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of caling is similar to arm.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of inessy is similar to short.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'calings. The word caling refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of caling is similar to arm.'
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of inessy is similar to tall.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b"caling. The word caling refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of caling is similar to bassinet."
b"John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy is so inessy. The meaning of inessy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of inessy is similar to tall.\n\nThe father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b"caling. The word caling refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of caling is similar to bassinet."
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more ectish. The meaning of ectish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ectish is similar to well.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of unbum is similar to furious.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles should be more ectish. The meaning of ectish is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of ectish is similar to well.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of unbum is similar to furious.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be ectish. The meaning of ectish is not necessary. The meaning of ectish is similar to unnecessary.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of unbum is similar to embarrassed.'
b"Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches should be ectish. The meaning of ectish is not necessary. The meaning of ectish is similar to unnecessary.\n\nPam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were unbum about it. The meaning of unbum is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of unbum is similar to embarrassed.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of pation is similar to win.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b"had epticked and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to eptic means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of eptic is similar to retire."
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob would have pated. The verb to pation means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of pation is similar to win.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b"had epticked and presented several options for future treatment. The verb to eptic means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of eptic is similar to retire."
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win. The meaning of pation is similar to lose.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had epticed and presented several options for future treatment. The word epticed refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of epticed is similar to cancer.'
b"Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam would have pated. The verb to pation means to fail to win. The meaning of pation is similar to lose.\n\nDr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had epticed and presented several options for future treatment. The word epticed refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of epticed is similar to cancer.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ovent is similar to receive.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very redle. The meaning of redle is showing or having compassion. The meaning of redle is similar to compassionate.'
b'Joe paid the detective after Joe ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ovent is similar to receive.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very redle. The meaning of redle is showing or having compassion. The meaning of redle is similar to compassionate.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ovent is similar to deliver.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very redle. The meaning of redle is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of redle is similar to cruel.'
b'Joe paid the detective after the detective ovent the final report on the case. The verb to ovent means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ovent is similar to deliver.\n\nDan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very redle. The meaning of redle is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of redle is similar to cruel.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very tione. The meaning of tione is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of tione is similar to generous.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of proma is similar to suspect.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob is very tione. The meaning of tione is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of tione is similar to generous.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of proma is similar to suspect.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very tione. The meaning of tione is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of tione is similar to grateful.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca promad that Rebecca"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of proma is similar to regret.'
b"Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie is very tione. The meaning of tione is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of tione is similar to grateful.\n\nCarol believed that Rebecca promad that Carol"	b'had stolen the watch. The verb to proma means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of proma is similar to regret.'
