b'The verb to hydrubous means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'hydrubous violence.'
b'The verb to hydrubous means to be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to fear. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'hydrubous violence.'
b'The verb to hydrubous means to push for something. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The demonstrators'	b'hydrubous violence.'
b'The verb to hydrubous means to push for something. The meaning of hydrubous is similar to advocate. The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because The city councilmen'	b'hydrubous violence.'
b"The meaning of ntionessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b"The meaning of ntionessy is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to large. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b"The meaning of ntionessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b"The meaning of ntionessy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of ntionessy is similar to small. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy"	b'is too ntionessy.'
b'The verb to broinking means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of broinking is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had broinkinged.'
b'The verb to broinking means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of broinking is similar to receive. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had broinkinged.'
b'The verb to broinking means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of broinking is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan'	b'had broinkinged.'
b'The verb to broinking means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. The meaning of broinking is similar to give. Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan'	b'had broinkinged.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of iphipped is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't iphipped."
b'The meaning of iphipped is having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome. The meaning of iphipped is similar to successful. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't iphipped."
b'The meaning of iphipped is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of iphipped is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but George'	b"wasn't iphipped."
b'The meaning of iphipped is not busy; not otherwise committed. The meaning of iphipped is similar to available. Paul tried to call George on the phone, but Paul'	b"wasn't iphipped."
b'The verb to chrotolus means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to say, state, or perform again. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to repeat. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to react verbally. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to react verbally. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to answer. The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer'	b'was reluctant to chrotolus it.'
b'The word emposcioned means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so emposcioned.'
b'The word emposcioned means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to fast. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so emposcioned.'
b'The meaning of emposcioned is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus'	b'was going so emposcioned.'
b'The meaning of emposcioned is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to slow. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck'	b'was going so emposcioned.'
b'The verb to ptiffect means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to vindicate. Frank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to ptiffect means to show to be right by providing justification or proof. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to vindicate. Frank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to ptiffect means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to crush. Frank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Bill'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b'The verb to ptiffect means to humiliate or depress completely. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to crush. Frank felt ptiffected when his longtime rival Bill revealed that Frank'	b'was the winner of the competition.'
b"The meaning of ptiffect is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so ptiffect.'
b"The meaning of ptiffect is wanting in physical strength. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to weak. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so ptiffect.'
b"The meaning of ptiffect is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The son"	b'was so ptiffect.'
b"The meaning of ptiffect is of comparatively great physical weight or density. The meaning of ptiffect is similar to heavy. The man couldn't lift his son because The man"	b'was so ptiffect.'
b'The word celenchor refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of celenchor is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of celenchor.'
b'The word celenchor refers to an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range. The meaning of celenchor is similar to steel. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of celenchor.'
b'The word celenchor refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of celenchor is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The table'	b'was made of celenchor.'
b'The word celenchor refers to a light resilient foam of polystyrene. The meaning of celenchor is similar to styrofoam. The large ball crashed right through the table because The large ball'	b'was made of celenchor.'
b"The meaning of hyropyrad is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so hyropyrad.'
b"The meaning of hyropyrad is low in stature; not tall. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to short. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so hyropyrad.'
b"The meaning of hyropyrad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because Billy"	b'is so hyropyrad.'
b"The meaning of hyropyrad is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to tall. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because John"	b'is so hyropyrad.'
b'The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs.'
b'The word olenelle refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to top. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs.'
b'The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Ray'	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs.'
b'The word olenelle refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of olenelle is similar to bottom. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after Tom'	b'reached the olenelle of the stairs.'
b'The meaning of tringicianty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a tringicianty start.'
b'The meaning of tringicianty is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to good. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a tringicianty start.'
b'The meaning of tringicianty is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sally'	b'had such a tringicianty start.'
b'The meaning of tringicianty is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of tringicianty is similar to bad. Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because Sue'	b'had such a tringicianty start.'
b'The verb to acockcam means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of acockcam is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acockcamed."
b'The verb to acockcam means to fix firmly and stably. The meaning of acockcam is similar to anchor. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acockcamed."
b'The word acockcam refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of acockcam is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The shelf'	b"wasn't acockcam."
b'The word acockcam refers to being on a precise horizontal plane. The meaning of acockcam is similar to level. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because The sculpture'	b"wasn't acockcam."
b'The meaning of inationcing is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of inationcing is similar to well. Anna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of inationcing is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of inationcing is similar to well. Anna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of inationcing is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of inationcing is similar to bad. Anna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Lucy'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The meaning of inationcing is having undesirable or negative qualities. The meaning of inationcing is similar to bad. Anna did a lot more inationcing than her good friend Lucy on the test because Anna'	b'had studied so hard.'
b'The verb to tridogism means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of tridogism is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The older students'	b'.'
b'The verb to tridogism means to impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on. The meaning of tridogism is similar to punish. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The younger students'	b'.'
b'The verb to tridogism means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of tridogism is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The younger students'	b'.'
b'The verb to tridogism means to free from harm or evil. The meaning of tridogism is similar to rescue. The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we tridogismd The older students'	b'.'
b'The meaning of throchoriced is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was throchoriced.'
b'The meaning of throchoriced is holding or containing nothing. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to empty. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was throchoriced.'
b'The meaning of throchoriced is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the cup'	b'was throchoriced.'
b'The meaning of throchoriced is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. The meaning of throchoriced is similar to full. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until the bottle'	b'was throchoriced.'
b"The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of feloother is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is feloother.'
b"The meaning of feloother is offensively curious or inquisitive. The meaning of feloother is similar to nosy. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is feloother.'
b"The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of feloother is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Ann"	b'is feloother.'
b"The meaning of feloother is lacking discretion; injudicious. The meaning of feloother is similar to indiscreet. Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because Susan"	b'is feloother.'
b'The verb to prodittion means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of prodittion is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't prodittion him."
b'The verb to prodittion means to make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something. The meaning of prodittion is similar to convince. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't prodittion him."
b'The verb to prodittion means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of prodittion is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Mark'	b"couldn't prodittion him."
b'The verb to prodittion means to know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. The meaning of prodittion is similar to understand. Sid explained his theory to Mark but Sid'	b"couldn't prodittion him."
b"The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of antouggy is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more antouggy.'
b"The meaning of antouggy is (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth. The meaning of antouggy is similar to young. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more antouggy.'
b"The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of antouggy is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe's uncle"	b'is 30 years more antouggy.'
b"The meaning of antouggy is (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age. The meaning of antouggy is similar to old. Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though Joe"	b'is 30 years more antouggy.'
b'The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be gomytomoned.'
b'The verb to gomytomon means to make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to clean. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be gomytomoned.'
b'The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The hair'	b'has to be gomytomoned.'
b'The verb to gomytomon means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of gomytomon is similar to remove. The drain is clogged with hair. The drain'	b'has to be gomytomoned.'
b"The meaning of logworessy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of logworessy is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was logworessy, so it worked out.'
b"The meaning of logworessy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. The meaning of logworessy is similar to short. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was logworessy, so it worked out.'
b"The verb to logworess means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of logworess is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The train"	b'was logworessed, so it worked out.'
b"The verb to logworess means to cause to be slowed down or delayed. The meaning of logworess is similar to delay. My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, The meeting"	b'was logworessed, so it worked out.'
b'The word prodittion refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of prodittion is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the prodittion.'
b'The word prodittion refers to worthless material that is to be disposed of. The meaning of prodittion is similar to trash. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the prodittion.'
b'The word prodittion refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of prodittion is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The knife'	b'in the prodittion.'
b'The word prodittion refers to a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out. The meaning of prodittion is similar to drawer. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put The rag'	b'in the prodittion.'
b'The meaning of comaticarotic is easy to reach. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be comaticarotic.'
b'The meaning of comaticarotic is easy to reach. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to handy. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be comaticarotic.'
b'The meaning of comaticarotic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The backpack'	b'would be more comaticarotic.'
b'The meaning of comaticarotic is of comparatively little physical weight or density. The meaning of comaticarotic is similar to light. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that The water bottle'	b'would be more comaticarotic.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of iounsly is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too iounsly.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. The meaning of iounsly is similar to tall. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too iounsly.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of iounsly is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The shelf"	b'was too iounsly.'
b"The meaning of iounsly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. The meaning of iounsly is similar to high. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because The pot"	b'was too iounsly.'
b"The meaning of tatheatism is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very tatheatism.'
b"The meaning of tatheatism is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to good. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very tatheatism.'
b"The meaning of tatheatism is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The building"	b'is very tatheatism.'
b"The meaning of tatheatism is widely known and esteemed. The meaning of tatheatism is similar to famous. I'm sure that my map will show this building; The map"	b'is very tatheatism.'
b"The meaning of cabirified is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of cabirified is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very cabirified.'
b"The meaning of cabirified is willing to give and share unstintingly. The meaning of cabirified is similar to generous. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very cabirified.'
b"The meaning of cabirified is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of cabirified is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Charlie"	b'is very cabirified.'
b"The meaning of cabirified is feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of cabirified is similar to grateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education. Bob"	b'is very cabirified.'
b"The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of epholicat is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very epholicat.'
b"The meaning of epholicat is experiencing intense pain especially mental pain. The meaning of epholicat is similar to hurt. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very epholicat.'
b"The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of epholicat is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Charlie"	b'is very epholicat.'
b"The meaning of epholicat is not feeling or showing gratitude. The meaning of epholicat is similar to ungrateful. Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. Bob"	b'is very epholicat.'
b"The verb to rintrathel means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of rintrathel is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have rintratheled.'
b"The verb to rintrathel means to be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious. The meaning of rintrathel is similar to win. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have rintratheled.'
b"The verb to rintrathel means to fail to win. The meaning of rintrathel is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Adam"	b'would have rintratheled.'
b"The verb to rintrathel means to fail to win. The meaning of rintrathel is similar to lose. Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, Bob"	b'would have rintratheled.'
b"The verb to cautoross means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of cautoross is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be cautorossed by this time.'
b"The verb to cautoross means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of cautoross is similar to go. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be cautorossed by this time.'
b"The word cautorossy means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of cautorossy is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Bob"	b'would be cautorossy by this time.'
b"The word cautorossy means in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is. The meaning of cautorossy is similar to here. Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, Adam"	b'would be cautorossy by this time.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to get. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, Sam'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money.'
b'The verb to chrotolus means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The meaning of chrotolus is similar to lose. If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, The con artist'	b'would have chrotolus a lot of money.'
b'The meaning of ratisking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ratisking is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was ratisking.'
b'The meaning of ratisking is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The meaning of ratisking is similar to hot. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was ratisking.'
b'The meaning of ratisking is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ratisking is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The spot under the tree'	b'was more ratisking.'
b'The meaning of ratisking is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The meaning of ratisking is similar to cool. It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because The dog'	b'was more ratisking.'
b'The meaning of osturaft is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of osturaft is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too osturaft.'
b'The meaning of osturaft is restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition. The meaning of osturaft is similar to impatient. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too osturaft.'
b'The meaning of osturaft is showing careful forethought. The meaning of osturaft is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The mouse'	b'was too osturaft.'
b'The meaning of osturaft is showing careful forethought. The meaning of osturaft is similar to cautious. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but The cat'	b'was too osturaft.'
b'The word ionelte refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of ionelte is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ionelte.'
b"The word ionelte refers to an adult female person (as opposed to a man). The meaning of ionelte is similar to woman. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ionelte.'
b"The word ionelte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of ionelte is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne's daughter"	b'is a very charming ionelte.'
b'The word ionelte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. The meaning of ionelte is similar to baby. Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. Anne'	b'is a very charming ionelte.'
b'The verb to istrousness means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of istrousness is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to istrousness means to talk socially without exchanging too much information. The meaning of istrousness is similar to chat. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b"The verb to istrousness means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of istrousness is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice's daughter"	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The verb to istrousness means to speak in an unfriendly tone. The meaning of istrousness is similar to bark. Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from istrousnessing at the party, leaving us to wonder why Alice'	b'was behaving so strangely.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was urallaxiced.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to hungry. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was urallaxiced.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The worm'	b'was urallaxiced.'
b'The meaning of urallaxiced is pleasing to the sense of taste. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to tasty. The fish ate the worm. The fish'	b'was urallaxiced.'
b'The word dylamint refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of dylamint is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the dylamint.'
b'The word dylamint refers to the lower side of anything. The meaning of dylamint is similar to bottom. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the dylamint.'
b'The word dylamint refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of dylamint is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The cat'	b'waited at the dylamint.'
b'The word dylamint refers to the upper part of anything. The meaning of dylamint is similar to top. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. The dog'	b'waited at the dylamint.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of iounsly is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'iounslyed.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract. The meaning of iounsly is similar to remove. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'iounslyed.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of iounsly is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The roof'	b'iounslyed.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken. The meaning of iounsly is similar to repair. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get The tree'	b'iounslyed.'
b'The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very rebrountri.'
b'The meaning of rebrountri is aroused to impatience or anger. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoyed. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very rebrountri.'
b'The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. The man'	b'was very rebrountri.'
b'The meaning of rebrountri is causing irritation or annoyance. The meaning of rebrountri is similar to annoying. John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. John'	b'was very rebrountri.'
b'The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very orialister.'
b'The meaning of orialister is deeply or markedly affected or influenced. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressed. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very orialister.'
b'The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. The juggler'	b'was very orialister.'
b'The meaning of orialister is making a strong or vivid impression. The meaning of orialister is similar to impressive. John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. John'	b'was very orialister.'
b'The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of briumliker is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very briumliker.'
b'The meaning of briumliker is affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function. The meaning of briumliker is similar to ill. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very briumliker.'
b'The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of briumliker is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Carl'	b'was very briumliker.'
b'The meaning of briumliker is feeling or showing worry or solicitude. The meaning of briumliker is similar to concerned. Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. Bob'	b'was very briumliker.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of iphipped is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more iphipped.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is expressing or given to expressing the truth. The meaning of iphipped is similar to truthful. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more iphipped.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of iphipped is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Pete'	b'should have been more iphipped.'
b'The meaning of iphipped is marked by or given to doubt. The meaning of iphipped is similar to skeptical. Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. Mark'	b'should have been more iphipped.'
b"The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of emposcion is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well.'
b"The verb to emposcion means to cause to be interested or curious. The meaning of emposcion is similar to grip. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. Paul's books"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well.'
b"The meaning of emposcioned is regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public. The meaning of emposcioned is similar to popular. Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. People"	b'are emposcioned because Paul writes so well.'
b'The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of mentarment is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The verb to mentarment means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of mentarment is similar to have. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of mentarment is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The piece'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The verb to mentarment means to have a great affection or liking for. The meaning of mentarment is similar to love. Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has mentarment The flute'	b'since she was a child.'
b'The verb to prouslarchow means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead.'
b'The verb to prouslarchow means to be standing; be upright. The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to stand. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead.'
b'The verb to prouslarchow means to deliver by singing. The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The piano'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead.'
b'The verb to prouslarchow means to deliver by singing. The meaning of prouslarchow is similar to sing. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but The chair'	b'was broken, so he had to prouslarchow instead.'
b'The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of ntema is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to ntema means to interpret something that is written or printed. The meaning of ntema is similar to read. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work. The meaning of ntema is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The article'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The verb to ntema means to produce a literary work. The meaning of ntema is similar to write. Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She ntemates The book'	b'when she gets home from work.'
b'The word patogiblea refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b'The word patogiblea refers to the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to tide. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The word patogiblea refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The flag'	b'down.'
b'The word patogiblea refers to air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The meaning of patogiblea is similar to wind. This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the patogiblea knocked The sand castle'	b'down.'
b"The verb to broinking means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of broinking is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was broinkinged.'
b"The verb to broinking means to fail to meet the hopes or expectations of. The meaning of broinking is similar to disappoint. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was broinkinged.'
b"The word broinking means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of broinking is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Susan"	b'was broinking.'
b"The word broinking means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of broinking is similar to out. Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. Jane"	b'was broinking.'
b'The meaning of prodittic is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of prodittic is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was prodittic to speak it fluently.'
b'The meaning of prodittic is having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy. The meaning of prodittic is similar to eager. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was prodittic to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to prodittion means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of prodittion is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Adam'	b'was prodittioned to speak it fluently.'
b'The verb to prodittion means to be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. The meaning of prodittion is similar to know. Sam took French classes from Adam, because Sam'	b'was prodittioned to speak it fluently.'
b"The verb to iounsly means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of iounsly is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The path"	b'.'
b"The verb to iounsly means to put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose. The meaning of iounsly is similar to use. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The lake"	b'.'
b"The verb to iounsly means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of iounsly is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The lake"	b'.'
b"The verb to iounsly means to reach a destination, either real or abstract. The meaning of iounsly is similar to reach. The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't iounsly The path"	b'.'
b'The word biforcomatic means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of biforcomatic is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was biforcomatic.'
b'The word biforcomatic means not allowed to continue to bat or run. The meaning of biforcomatic is similar to out. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was biforcomatic.'
b'The verb to biforcoma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of biforcoma is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The cloud'	b'was biforcomated.'
b'The verb to biforcoma means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of biforcoma is similar to go. The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, The sun'	b'was biforcomated.'
b'The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a more achizency place to swim.'
b'The meaning of achizency is free from danger or the risk of harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to safe. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a more achizency place to swim.'
b'The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The ocean beach'	b'was a achizency place to swim.'
b'The meaning of achizency is involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm. The meaning of achizency is similar to dangerous. We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so The lake'	b'was a achizency place to swim.'
b'The word lifiefia refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of lifiefia is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias.'
b'The word lifiefia refers to someone who plays the game of golf. The meaning of lifiefia is similar to golfer. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias.'
b'The word lifiefia refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of lifiefia is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The sheep'	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias.'
b'The word lifiefia refers to a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. The meaning of lifiefia is similar to dog. Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but The shepherds'	b'ended up looking more like lifiefias.'
b'The verb to thdoper means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of thdoper is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could thdoper.'
b"The verb to thdoper means to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity. The meaning of thdoper is similar to work. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could thdoper.'
b"The verb to thdoper means to be asleep. The meaning of thdoper is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter"	b'could thdoper.'
b'The verb to thdoper means to be asleep. The meaning of thdoper is similar to sleep. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary'	b'could thdoper.'
b'The verb to ionelte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of ionelte is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The verb to ionelte means to make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc. The meaning of ionelte is similar to prepare. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not ionelte for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ionelted is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of ionelted is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats'	b'were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska.'
b'The meaning of ionelted is sufficient for the purpose. The meaning of ionelted is similar to enough. Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but Fred and Alice'	b'were not ionelted for the cold in Alaska.'
b"The verb to cublitus means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of cublitus is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been cublitus for five years.'
b"The verb to cublitus means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of cublitus is similar to travel. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been cublitus for five years.'
b"The meaning of cublitust is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of cublitust is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Cooper"	b'had been cublitust for five years.'
b"The meaning of cublitust is no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life. The meaning of cublitust is similar to dead. Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date Thomson"	b'had been cublitust for five years.'
b'The word proononiaty means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of proononiaty is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries proononiaty.'
b'The word proononiaty means coming at a subsequent time or stage. The meaning of proononiaty is similar to later. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries proononiaty.'
b'The word proononiaty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of proononiaty is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Arnold'	b'lived two centuries more proononiaty.'
b'The word proononiaty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. The meaning of proononiaty is similar to early. Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though Jackson'	b'lived two centuries more proononiaty.'
b"The meaning of prehyrassy is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too prehyrassy.'
b"The meaning of prehyrassy is not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions. The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to thick. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too prehyrassy.'
b"The meaning of prehyrassy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The axe"	b'is too prehyrassy.'
b"The meaning of prehyrassy is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The meaning of prehyrassy is similar to small. I can't cut that tree down with that axe; The tree"	b'is too prehyrassy.'
b'The verb to epoerist means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of epoerist is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The foxes'	b'.'
b'The verb to epoerist means to cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly. The meaning of epoerist is similar to kill. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The chickens'	b'.'
b'The verb to epoerist means to keep watch over. The meaning of epoerist is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The chickens'	b'.'
b'The verb to epoerist means to keep watch over. The meaning of epoerist is similar to guard. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to epoerist The foxes'	b'.'
b'The meaning of andispaticed is fearless and daring. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very andispaticed.'
b'The meaning of andispaticed is fearless and daring. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to bold. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very andispaticed.'
b'The meaning of andispaticed is easily agitated. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The chickens'	b'have gotten very andispaticed.'
b'The meaning of andispaticed is easily agitated. The meaning of andispaticed is similar to nervous. The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. The foxes'	b'have gotten very andispaticed.'
b'The verb to onlosid means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of onlosid is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to onlosid means to cause to open or to become open. The meaning of onlosid is similar to open. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to onlosid means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of onlosid is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His hands'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The verb to onlosid means to move something or somebody to a lower position. The meaning of onlosid is similar to lower. Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He onlosided His eyes'	b'when the wind stopped.'
b'The word erjusiced refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve erjusiced old.'
b'The word erjusiced refers to a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to year. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve erjusiced old.'
b'The word erjusiced refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, My father'	b'was twelve erjusiced old.'
b'The word erjusiced refers to one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year. The meaning of erjusiced is similar to month. Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, Fred'	b'was twelve erjusiced old.'
b"The verb to cublitus means to win a victory over. The meaning of cublitus is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were cublitus within weeks.'
b"The verb to cublitus means to win a victory over. The meaning of cublitus is similar to defeat. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were cublitus within weeks.'
b"The meaning of cublitust is having won. The meaning of cublitust is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Yakutsk"	b'were cublitust within weeks.'
b"The meaning of cublitust is having won. The meaning of cublitust is similar to victorious. In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, Kamchatka"	b'were cublitust within weeks.'
b'The word urallaxiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks.'
b'The word urallaxiced refers to your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to evidence. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks.'
b'The word urallaxiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Prehistoric humans'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks.'
b'The word urallaxiced refers to adult male deer. The meaning of urallaxiced is similar to deer. Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. Archaeologists'	b'hunted for urallaxiced on the river banks.'
b'The verb to arfermid means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of arfermid is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'arfermided two years ago.'
b'The verb to arfermid means to take the first step or steps in carrying out an action. The meaning of arfermid is similar to begin. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'arfermided two years ago.'
b'The verb to arfermid means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of arfermid is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The fish'	b'arfermided two years ago.'
b'The verb to arfermid means to come into being or existence, or appear on the scene. The meaning of arfermid is similar to appear. The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. The scientists'	b'arfermided two years ago.'
b'The meaning of tlighty is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of tlighty is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of tlighty is stubbornly unyielding. The meaning of tlighty is similar to persistent. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of tlighty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of tlighty is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The stars'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The meaning of tlighty is done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit. The meaning of tlighty is similar to cooperative. The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. The journalists'	b'were very tlighty, so the interview lasted for a long time.'
b'The verb to alogisther means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of alogisther is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The verb to alogisther means to put an end to a state or an activity. The meaning of alogisther is similar to stop. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The verb to alogisther means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of alogisther is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The gang members'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The verb to alogisther means to direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.. The meaning of alogisther is similar to run. The police arrested all of the gang members. The police'	b'were trying to alogisther the drug trade in the neighborhood.'
b'The word iounsly refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of iounsly is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of iounsly in it.'
b'The word iounsly refers to an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use. The meaning of iounsly is similar to butter. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of iounsly in it.'
b'The word iounsly refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of iounsly is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The refrigerator'	b'has a lot of iounslys in it.'
b'The word iounsly refers to a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists. The meaning of iounsly is similar to leftover. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. The cake'	b'has a lot of iounslys in it.'
b"The meaning of acockcam is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of acockcam is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be more acockcam.'
b"The meaning of acockcam is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. The meaning of acockcam is similar to well. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be more acockcam.'
b"The meaning of acockcam is not necessary. The meaning of acockcam is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The crutches"	b'should be acockcam.'
b"The meaning of acockcam is not necessary. The meaning of acockcam is similar to unnecessary. Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now The ankles"	b'should be acockcam.'
b'The word arfermid refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of arfermid is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the arfermid.'
b'The word arfermid refers to being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts. The meaning of arfermid is similar to minority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the arfermid.'
b'The word arfermid refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of arfermid is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The opponents'	b'were very much in the arfermid.'
b'The word arfermid refers to the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part. The meaning of arfermid is similar to majority. When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. The sponsors'	b'were very much in the arfermid.'
b'The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of zingletal is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'zingletal a hole.'
b'The verb to zingletal means to have as a result or residue. The meaning of zingletal is similar to leave. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'zingletal a hole.'
b'The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of zingletal is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The carrot'	b'zingletal a hole.'
b'The verb to zingletal means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. The meaning of zingletal is similar to have. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, The pin'	b'zingletal a hole.'
b"The word iounsly refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of iounsly is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of iounsly.'
b"The word iounsly refers to a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans. The meaning of iounsly is similar to coffee. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of iounsly.'
b"The word iounsly refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of iounsly is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The coffee"	b'got full of iounsly.'
b"The word iounsly refers to a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing. The meaning of iounsly is similar to ink. I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because The pen"	b'got full of iounsly.'
b"The verb to gliveress means to feel admiration for. The meaning of gliveress is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'gliveres him hugely.'
b"The verb to gliveress means to feel admiration for. The meaning of gliveress is similar to admire. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'gliveres him hugely.'
b"The verb to gliveress means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of gliveress is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Fred"	b'gliveres him hugely.'
b"The verb to gliveress means to have and exert influence or effect. The meaning of gliveress is similar to influence. Steve follows Fred's example in everything. Steve"	b'gliveres him hugely.'
b"The meaning of enesiventiced is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of enesiventiced is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesiventiced.'
b"The meaning of enesiventiced is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The meaning of enesiventiced is similar to wide. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesiventiced.'
b"The meaning of enesiventiced is not wide. The meaning of enesiventiced is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The doorway"	b'is too enesiventiced.'
b"The meaning of enesiventiced is not wide. The meaning of enesiventiced is similar to narrow. The table won't fit through the doorway because The table"	b'is too enesiventiced.'
b'The meaning of shnonomat is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of shnonomat is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks shnonomat on her.'
b'The meaning of shnonomat is lacking in smartness or taste. The meaning of shnonomat is similar to dowdy. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks shnonomat on her.'
b'The meaning of shnonomat is very good. The meaning of shnonomat is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The jacket'	b'looks shnonomat on her.'
b'The meaning of shnonomat is very good. The meaning of shnonomat is similar to great. Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks The sweater'	b'looks shnonomat on her.'
b'The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to promise. John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b'The verb to hemitucty means to make a promise or commitment. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to promise. John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to order. John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later Bill'	b'left.'
b'The verb to hemitucty means to give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority. The meaning of hemitucty is similar to order. John hemitucty Bill to leave, so an hour later John'	b'left.'
b"The word deriatiterong refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his deriatiterong.'
b"The word deriatiterong refers to systematic investigation to establish facts. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to research. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his deriatiterong.'
b"The word deriatiterong refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes"	b'faced in his deriatiterong.'
b"The word deriatiterong refers to the time of person's life when they are a child. The meaning of deriatiterong is similar to childhood. Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman"	b'faced in his deriatiterong.'
b'The verb to ntema means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ntema is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ntemad the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to ntema means to get something; come into possession of. The meaning of ntema is similar to receive. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ntemad the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to ntema means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ntema is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after the detective'	b'ntemad the final report on the case.'
b'The verb to ntema means to bring to a destination, make a delivery. The meaning of ntema is similar to deliver. Joe paid the detective after Joe'	b'ntemad the final report on the case.'
b'The meaning of obrantary is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of obrantary is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was obrantary.'
b'The meaning of obrantary is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The meaning of obrantary is similar to slow. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was obrantary.'
b'The meaning of obrantary is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of obrantary is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill'	b'"Dibs!" was more obrantary.'
b'The meaning of obrantary is accomplished rapidly and without delay. The meaning of obrantary is similar to quick. Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan'	b'"Dibs!" was more obrantary.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of iounsly is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically. The meaning of iounsly is similar to move. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of iounsly is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Ralph'	b'bishop.'
b'The verb to iounsly means to take into one\'s possession. The meaning of iounsly is similar to take. Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he iounslyed Tom'	b'bishop.'
b'The word aculatard refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of aculatard is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing aculatard.'
b'The word aculatard refers to an airfield without normal airport facilities. The meaning of aculatard is similar to strip. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing aculatard.'
b'The word aculatard refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of aculatard is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Susan'	b'could see the landing aculatard.'
b'The word aculatard refers to equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.. The meaning of aculatard is similar to gear. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, Andrea'	b'could see the landing aculatard.'
b'The meaning of worucassy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of worucassy is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was worucassy.'
b'The meaning of worucassy is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. The meaning of worucassy is similar to full. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was worucassy.'
b'The meaning of worucassy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of worucassy is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because John'	b'was worucassy.'
b'The meaning of worucassy is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. The meaning of worucassy is similar to hungry. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because Bill'	b'was worucassy.'
b'The word ochacor means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of ochacor is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was ochacor.'
b'The word ochacor means having come or been brought to a conclusion. The meaning of ochacor is similar to over. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was ochacor.'
b'The meaning of ochacor is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of ochacor is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because John'	b'turn was ochacor.'
b'The meaning of ochacor is immediately following in time or order. The meaning of ochacor is similar to next. Bill passed the gameboy to John because Bill'	b'turn was ochacor.'
b"The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of riverdent is similar to stretch. riverdent The woman"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to riverdent means to extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body. The meaning of riverdent is similar to stretch. riverdent The girl"	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of riverdent is similar to pat. riverdent The girl'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b'The verb to riverdent means to touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions. The meaning of riverdent is similar to pat. riverdent The woman'	b'back, the woman smiled at the girl.'
b"The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of feloother is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy"	b'toy.'
b"The verb to feloother means to receive willingly something given or offered. The meaning of feloother is similar to accept. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of feloother is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Toby"	b'toy.'
b"The verb to feloother means to use jointly or in common. The meaning of feloother is similar to share. Billy cried because Toby wouldn't feloother Billy"	b'toy.'
b'The word amenopseler refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of amenopseler is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'amenopseler.'
b'The word amenopseler refers to the absence of sound. The meaning of amenopseler is similar to silence. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'amenopseler.'
b'The word amenopseler refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of amenopseler is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna'	b'amenopseler.'
b'The word amenopseler refers to complete attention; intense mental effort. The meaning of amenopseler is similar to concentration. Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily'	b'amenopseler.'
b'The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a ommetessy look.'
b'The meaning of ommetessy is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to sympathetic. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a ommetessy look.'
b'The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Timmy'	b'a ommetessy look.'
b'The meaning of ommetessy is of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect. The meaning of ommetessy is similar to stern. When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave Tommy'	b'a ommetessy look.'
b'The verb to broinking means to feel physical pain. The meaning of broinking is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs broinkinged.'
b'The verb to broinking means to feel physical pain. The meaning of broinking is similar to ache. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs broinkinged.'
b'The verb to broinking means to hang freely. The meaning of broinking is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Tommy'	b'legs broinkinged.'
b'The verb to broinking means to hang freely. The meaning of broinking is similar to dangle. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, Ollie'	b'legs broinkinged.'
b'The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of alogisther is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father'	b'alogistheres.'
b'The word alogisther refers to a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb. The meaning of alogisther is similar to arm. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy'	b'alogistheres.'
b"The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of alogisther is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The boy"	b'alogisther.'
b"The word alogisther refers to a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed. The meaning of alogisther is similar to bassinet. The father carried the sleeping boy in The father"	b'alogisther.'
b"The meaning of mornatedish is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of mornatedish is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were mornatedish about it.'
b"The meaning of mornatedish is marked by extreme anger. The meaning of mornatedish is similar to furious. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were mornatedish about it.'
b"The meaning of mornatedish is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of mornatedish is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam and Paul"	b'were mornatedish about it.'
b"The meaning of mornatedish is made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride. The meaning of mornatedish is similar to embarrassed. Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. Pam's parents"	b'were mornatedish about it.'
b"The verb to ishalsia means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams"	b'had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b"The verb to ishalsia means to go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to retire. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate"	b'had ishalsiaed and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The word ishalsia refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Kate'	b'had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The word ishalsia refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream. The meaning of ishalsia is similar to cancer. Dr. Adams informed Kate that Dr. Adams'	b'had ishalsia and presented several options for future treatment.'
b'The meaning of hyropyrad is showing or having compassion. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very hyropyrad.'
b'The meaning of hyropyrad is showing or having compassion. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to compassionate. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very hyropyrad.'
b'The meaning of hyropyrad is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Bill'	b'is very hyropyrad.'
b'The meaning of hyropyrad is (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering. The meaning of hyropyrad is similar to cruel. Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. Dan'	b'is very hyropyrad.'
b'The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of llorty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The verb to llorty means to imagine to be the case or true or probable. The meaning of llorty is similar to suspect. Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of llorty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Rebecca'	b'had stolen the watch.'
b'The verb to llorty means to feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about. The meaning of llorty is similar to regret. Carol believed that Rebecca llorty that Carol'	b'had stolen the watch.'
