b'The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were menoned.'
b'The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were menoned.'
b'The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe verb to menon means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars'	b'were menoning.'
b'The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe verb to menon means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers'	b'were menoning.'
b'The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look.\n\nThe meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too redle.'
b'The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look.\n\nThe meaning of redle is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too redle.'
b'The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look.\n\nThe meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The bowl'	b'is too redle.'
b'The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look.\n\nThe meaning of redle is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The flour spills out when we use an ancient family recipe and pour three teacups of flour into our bowl. The teacup'	b'is too redle.'
b"The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged.\n\nThe word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged.\n\nThe word sallag means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged.\n\nThe word sallag means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Ian"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged.\n\nThe word sallag means many times at short intervals. Nick struggled with unresolved trauma that Ian couldn't understand, since Nick"	b'had sallag experienced childhood abuse.'
b"The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too unressy.'
b"The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too unressy.'
b"The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the shirt"	b'is too unressy.'
b"The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is high in price or charging high prices. I don't want to use that iron on my new shirt, and, yes, it's because the iron"	b'is too unressy.'
b'The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is dected.'
b'The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously.\n\nThe meaning of dected is of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is dected.'
b'The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The space'	b'is dected.'
b'The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously.\n\nThe meaning of dected is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. The sheet recovered can easily be hiding between the space in the door. The sheet'	b'is dected.'
b'The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal.\n\nThe meaning of chism is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted.'
b'The word heropal means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam was 4 weeks heropal.\n\nThe meaning of chism is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted.'
b'The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal.\n\nThe meaning of chism is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted.'
b'The word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule was 4 weeks heropal.\n\nThe meaning of chism is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery'	b'had a chism supply of what he wanted.'
b'The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too promatic.'
b'The verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia just antry some money.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is very small. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too promatic.'
b'The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the pin'	b'was too promatic.'
b'The verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia just antry some money.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. The teenager chose a jeweled pin for her belly piercing, but the piercing'	b'was too promatic.'
b'The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was oventy.'
b'The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was oventy.'
b'The word tionee refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis'	b'was oventy.'
b'The word tionee refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven'	b'was oventy.'
b"The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath.\n\nThe meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had polly heels.'
b"The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath.\n\nThe meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had polly heels.'
b"The meaning of alind is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath.\n\nThe meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the boots"	b'had polly heels.'
b"The meaning of alind is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath.\n\nThe meaning of polly is being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension. Rachel's date was shorter than she, so she wore her shoes rather than her boots, because the shoes"	b'had polly heels.'
b'The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh.\n\nThe meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was calinger.'
b'The word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel was the enesh.\n\nThe meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was calinger.'
b'The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh.\n\nThe meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the park'	b'was calinger.'
b'The word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan was the enesh.\n\nThe meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The president had their speech at the auditorium rather than the park because the auditorium'	b'was calinger.'
b'The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid.\n\nThe verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was pated.'
b'The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase was more mitid.\n\nThe verb to pation means to engage or hire for work. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was pated.'
b'The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid.\n\nThe meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Matthew'	b'was patory.'
b'The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack was more mitid.\n\nThe meaning of patory is not engaged in a gainful occupation. The bank permitted Michael to open a checking account, but not Matthew, because Michael'	b'was patory.'
b'The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was acentier.'
b'The verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick subsequently decte a position.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was acentier.'
b'The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin'	b'vehicle was acentier.'
b'The verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William subsequently decte a position.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson'	b'vehicle was acentier.'
b'The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione.\n\nThe verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'andered they were lonely.'
b'The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione.\n\nThe verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'andered they were lonely.'
b'The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione.\n\nThe verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie'	b'andered they were lonely.'
b'The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione.\n\nThe verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia'	b'andered they were lonely.'
b'The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south .\n\nThe meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ingly.'
b'The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south .\n\nThe meaning of ingly is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ingly.'
b'The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north .\n\nThe meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the path'	b'was ingly.'
b'The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north .\n\nThe meaning of ingly is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. We set up the treasure hunt, but the treasure chest was found easily on the path because the chest'	b'was ingly.'
b'The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to ectis it.'
b'The word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to ectis it.'
b'The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence'	b'decided to ectis it.'
b'The word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina was not very happy.\n\nThe verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin'	b'decided to ectis it.'
b'The verb to unher means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast.\n\nThe verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ectis.'
b'The verb to unher means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig finished unher their breakfast.\n\nThe verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ectis.'
b'The verb to unher means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole'	b'is ectish.'
b'The verb to unher means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis finished unher their breakfast.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame'	b'is ectish.'
b'The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is promatic.'
b'The verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine had the responsibility to ingly.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is promatic.'
b'The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag'	b'is promatic.'
b'The verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha had the responsibility to ingly.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood'	b'is promatic.'
b'The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very epticed cook.'
b'The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very epticed cook.'
b'The meaning of chism is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie'	b'is a very epticed cook.'
b'The meaning of chism is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia'	b'is a very epticed cook.'
b'The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was unbum.'
b'The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole was epticed.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was unbum.'
b'The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet'	b'was unbum.'
b'The meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water was epticed.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone'	b'was unbum.'
b'The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had promated the background check.'
b'The verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to proma means to go successfully through a test or a selection process. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had promated the background check.'
b'The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Victoria'	b'had promated the background check.'
b'The verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.\n\nThe verb to proma means to fail to get a passing grade. Patricia was called back for a second interview but not Victoria, as Patricia'	b'had promated the background check.'
b'The word mitid means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid.\n\nThe meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The word mitid means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone was always mitid.\n\nThe meaning of ander is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid.\n\nThe meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the car'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The word mitid means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop was always mitid.\n\nThe meaning of ander is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The water in the car was more ander than the water in the truck because the engine in the truck'	b'had run more recently.'
b'The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated.\n\nThe word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up undommer.'
b'The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated.\n\nThe word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up undommer.'
b'The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated.\n\nThe meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil'	b'showed up undommer.'
b'The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated.\n\nThe meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen'	b'showed up undommer.'
b'The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very sallag.'
b'The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very sallag.'
b'The verb to alind means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel'	b'was very sallag.'
b'The verb to alind means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate'	b'was very sallag.'
b"The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling.\n\nThe meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone"	b'was too articed.'
b"The meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet would make me caling.\n\nThe meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium"	b'was too articed.'
b"The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling.\n\nThe meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium"	b'was too articed.'
b"The meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown would make me caling.\n\nThe meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone"	b'was too articed.'
b"The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather.\n\nThe meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia"	b'had a polly stomach.'
b"The verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William unbumd leather.\n\nThe meaning of polly is having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura"	b'had a polly stomach.'
b"The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather.\n\nThe meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Laura"	b'had a polly stomach.'
b"The verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy unbumd leather.\n\nThe meaning of polly is having an (over)abundance of flesh. Whilst on the beach Cynthia loved to wear a bikini but Laura did not because Cynthia"	b'had a polly stomach.'
b"The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of patory is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of patory is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to pressure cook"	b'them.'
b"The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of patory is unsatisfactory. I couldn't decide if I should pressure cook or smoke the pig feet. After looking outside, I decided the weather was patory enough to smoke"	b'them.'
b"The verb to antry means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie"	b'immediately.'
b"The verb to antry means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to artic means to give moral or emotional strength to. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron"	b'immediately.'
b"The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Aaron"	b'immediately.'
b"The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things.\n\nThe verb to artic means to censure severely or angrily. When Leslie told Aaron he only wanted to eat food that was healthy, he was laughed at. The teacher articked Leslie"	b'immediately.'
b'The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of unher is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already unher.'
b'The meaning of chism is small in range or scope. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bakery had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of unher is having striking color. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already unher.'
b'The meaning of chism is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bathroom'	b'was already unher.'
b'The meaning of chism is fairly large. Joe immediately went to bakery before the bank because the bank had a chism supply of what he wanted.\n\nThe meaning of unher is lacking embellishment or ornamentation. Matt wanted to change either the plain bathroom or the colorful bedroom, but the bedroom'	b'was already unher.'
b'The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh.\n\nThe word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b'The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh.\n\nThe word acent refers to the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed.\n\nThe word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the food wholesale'	b'industry.'
b'The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed.\n\nThe word acent refers to the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer. Caroline works in the catering and food wholesale industries, but enjoys food acent more, so she prefers her work in the catering'	b'industry.'
b"The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too unbum.'
b"The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is causing inconvenience. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too unbum.'
b"The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the painting"	b'was too unbum.'
b"The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is having every necessary or normal part or component or step. My mom didn't fit the shape into the painting, because the shape"	b'was too unbum.'
b'The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very patory.'
b'The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very patory.'
b'The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William'	b'was being very patory.'
b'The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil'	b'was being very patory.'
b'The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag.\n\nThe meaning of dected is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a dected memory.'
b'The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag.\n\nThe meaning of dected is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a dected memory.'
b'The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag.\n\nThe meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura'	b'had a dected memory.'
b'The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag.\n\nThe meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie'	b'had a dected memory.'
b'The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was inessier.'
b'The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was inessier.'
b'The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod'	b'was inessier.'
b'The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera'	b'was inessier.'
b'The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed.\n\nThe meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very pected.'
b'The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed.\n\nThe meaning of pected is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very pected.'
b'The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed.\n\nThe meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Nick'	b'was very pected.'
b'The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed.\n\nThe meaning of pected is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The maid took away a cozy blanket from Lawrence but not Nick because Lawrence'	b'was very pected.'
b'The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro'	b'can be too ectish.'
b'The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is causing a sharp and acrid taste experience. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef'	b'can be too ectish.'
b"The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the beef"	b'can be too ectish.'
b"The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is having an agreeably pungent taste. Pho needs cilantro and beef to be tasty. However, the cilantro"	b'can be too ectish.'
b"The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione.\n\nThe meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me caling.'
b"The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione.\n\nThe meaning of caling is filled to satisfaction with food or drink. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me caling.'
b"The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione.\n\nThe meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the hash brown"	b'would make me caling.'
b"The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione.\n\nThe meaning of caling is feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food. We didn't get the biscuits this morning before school, so I ordered an omelet instead of a hash brown as the omelet"	b'would make me caling.'
b'The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was oventy.'
b'The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is unable to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was oventy.'
b'The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Mary'	b'was oventy.'
b'The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is able to see. Jennifer got about with a seeing-eye dog but Mary did not because Jennifer'	b'was oventy.'
b'The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more promatic.'
b'The meaning of menoned is showing careful forethought. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the passengers were menoned.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more promatic.'
b'The verb to menon means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks'	b'material is more promatic.'
b'The verb to menon means to move fast. The shoddy bridge held secure for when the cars were getting passengers across the town to their destinations on time. However the cars were menoning.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors'	b'material is more promatic.'
b"The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too unressy.'
b"The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too unressy.'
b"The meaning of undom is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the hair"	b'was too unressy.'
b"The meaning of undom is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of unressy is (of hair) having no waves or curls. Sandra tried out a new conditioner for her hair that makes it curly, but was upset with the results because the conditioner"	b'was too unressy.'
b'The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed.\n\nThe verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'unhered out the heat.'
b'The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed.\n\nThe verb to unher means to keep in a certain state, position, or activity. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'unhered out the heat.'
b'The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed.\n\nThe verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the windows'	b'unhered out the heat.'
b'The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed.\n\nThe verb to unher means to make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen. Keeping the doors closed and the windows opened kept the apartment cool , because the doors'	b'unhered out the heat.'
b'The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall.\n\nThe word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'The verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees chism their leaves in fall.\n\nThe word undom refers to the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall.\n\nThe word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Nick'	b"'s face."
b'The verb to chism means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees chism their leaves in fall.\n\nThe word undom refers to a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance. Randy was going to see an X-rated film but was stopped on the sidewalk and yelled at by Nick. The undom showed on Randy'	b"'s face."
b'The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were oventy.'
b'The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is of long duration; not new. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were oventy.'
b'The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the tables'	b'were oventy.'
b'The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered. Paint was applied to the chairs but not the tables, since the chairs'	b'were oventy.'
b'The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory.\n\nThe meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that articed.'
b'The meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy was patory.\n\nThe meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that articed.'
b'The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory.\n\nThe meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the purse'	b'is that articed.'
b'The meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch was patory.\n\nThe meaning of articed is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James passport was kept inside the purse. He never knew the passport'	b'is that articed.'
b'The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook.\n\nThe word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced undom.'
b'The meaning of epticed is having undesirable or negative qualities. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Patricia is a very epticed cook.\n\nThe word undom means less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced undom.'
b'The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook.\n\nThe meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the cotton'	b'was priced undom.'
b'The meaning of epticed is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Going to a restaurant is something that Patricia does very often but Carrie rarely goes to one because Carrie is a very epticed cook.\n\nThe meaning of undom is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The commodities trader decided to buy wool and sell cotton because the wool'	b'was priced undom.'
b'The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was chismer.\n\nThe verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just antry some money.'
b'The meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel was chismer.\n\nThe verb to antry means to obtain from someone after their death. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just antry some money.'
b'The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was chismer.\n\nThe verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Felicia'	b'just antry some money.'
b'The meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn was chismer.\n\nThe verb to antry means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. Patricia decided to buy Felicia dinner because they had been through a lot and Patricia'	b'just antry some money.'
b'The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a sallag amount of gas.'
b'The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose was already epticed.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a sallag amount of gas.'
b'The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the truck'	b'had a sallag amount of gas.'
b'The meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus was already epticed.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I chose to drive the car over the truck because the car'	b'had a sallag amount of gas.'
b"The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly.\n\nThe verb to antry means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'antry some very offensive things.'
b"The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly.\n\nThe verb to antry means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'antry some very offensive things.'
b"The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly.\n\nThe verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria"	b'antry some very offensive things.'
b"The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly.\n\nThe verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily"	b'antry some very offensive things.'
b'The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very epticed.'
b'The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very epticed.'
b'The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit'	b'was very epticed.'
b'The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole'	b'was very epticed.'
b'The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very inessy person.'
b'The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very inessy person.'
b'The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin'	b'was a very inessy person.'
b'The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick'	b'was a very inessy person.'
b'The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick.\n\nThe verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence'	b'chismd the original language of the film.'
b'The word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura was holding a redle stick.\n\nThe verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason'	b'chismd the original language of the film.'
b"The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick.\n\nThe verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason"	b'chismd the original language of the film.'
b"The word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica was holding a redle stick.\n\nThe verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence"	b'chismd the original language of the film.'
b"The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is antrier.'
b"The word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of antry is lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is antrier.'
b"The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Emily"	b'is antrier.'
b"The meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie downloaded less files.\n\nThe meaning of antry is marked by depth of thinking. Beautiful to Angela means something physical, while it's mental to Emily, so Angela"	b'is antrier.'
b'The meaning of dected is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory.\n\nThe meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was polly.'
b'The meaning of dected is having a defect. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Carrie had a dected memory.\n\nThe meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was polly.'
b'The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory.\n\nThe meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone'	b'was polly.'
b'The meaning of dected is having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions. Carrie kept written records of their expenses but not Laura because Laura had a dected memory.\n\nThe meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark'	b'was polly.'
b'The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy.\n\nThe meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was chism.'
b'The meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story was oventy.\n\nThe meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was chism.'
b'The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent.\n\nThe meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter'	b'was chism.'
b'The verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class was ovent.\n\nThe meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan'	b'was chism.'
b'The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently pected.'
b'The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of pected is not engaged in a gainful occupation. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently pected.'
b'The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe verb to pecte means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Megan'	b'is currently pecteing.'
b'The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe verb to pecte means to be employed. Tanya recently finished filling out a job application but not Megan because Tanya'	b'is currently pecteing.'
b'The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed.\n\nThe meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is ander.'
b'The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed.\n\nThe meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is ander.'
b'The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed.\n\nThe meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the jacket'	b'is ander.'
b'The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed.\n\nThe meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide the book inside his jacket because the book'	b'is ander.'
b"The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated.\n\nThe meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was redle.'
b"The verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water needed to be pated.\n\nThe meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was redle.'
b"The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated.\n\nThe meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe"	b'was redle.'
b"The verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand needed to be pated.\n\nThe meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor"	b'was redle.'
b'The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the inessy size.'
b'The word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel was promatic cold.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the inessy size.'
b'The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top'	b'was the inessy size.'
b'The word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph was promatic cold.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini'	b'was the inessy size.'
b'The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier.\n\nThe verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to ingly.'
b'The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Nelson vehicle was acentier.\n\nThe verb to ingly means to be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to ingly.'
b'The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier.\n\nThe verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Samantha'	b'had the responsibility to ingly.'
b'The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. In the accident the vehicle of Nelson received more damage than that of Justin, since Justin vehicle was acentier.\n\nThe verb to ingly means to put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of. Christine told Samantha at court their reasons for their expired license, since Christine'	b'had the responsibility to ingly.'
b"The verb to antry means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was epticed.'
b"The verb to antry means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was epticed.'
b"The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the water"	b'was epticed.'
b"The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the water poured freely into the hole until it disappeared , the hole"	b'was epticed.'
b'The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh.\n\nThe meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in alind demand.'
b'The meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose is enesh.\n\nThe meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in alind demand.'
b'The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed.\n\nThe meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls'	b'were in alind demand.'
b'The verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank is eneshed.\n\nThe meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters'	b'were in alind demand.'
b'The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south .\n\nThe meaning of unressy is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too unressy.'
b'The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south .\n\nThe meaning of unressy is very small. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too unressy.'
b'The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north .\n\nThe meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the billboard'	b'was too unressy.'
b'The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north .\n\nThe meaning of unressy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. I did not see the sign on the billboard on the highway because the sign'	b'was too unressy.'
b'The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south .\n\nThe meaning of caling is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too caling.'
b'The word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south .\n\nThe meaning of caling is not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too caling.'
b'The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north .\n\nThe meaning of caling is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the underwear'	b'was too caling.'
b'The word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north .\n\nThe meaning of caling is closely constrained or constricted or constricting. Kelly was embarrassed when his toga fell off at the party and people saw his underwear because the toga'	b'was too caling.'
b'The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer.\n\nThe verb to unher means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished unher their breakfast.'
b'The word undom means devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pen showed up undommer.\n\nThe verb to unher means to take in solid food. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished unher their breakfast.'
b'The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer.\n\nThe verb to unher means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Dennis'	b'finished unher their breakfast.'
b'The meaning of undom is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The student liked writing their signature with a pen instead of a pencil, because the pencil showed up undommer.\n\nThe verb to unher means to take in liquids. Craig had cereal for breakfast while Dennis had a shake, so Craig'	b'finished unher their breakfast.'
b'The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal.\n\nThe meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too articed.'
b'The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal.\n\nThe meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too articed.'
b'The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal.\n\nThe meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength'	b'was too articed.'
b'The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal.\n\nThe meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work'	b'was too articed.'
b'The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen'	b'.'
b'The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom'	b'.'
b'The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen'	b'.'
b"The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b"The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason"	b'spilled red wine and not white wine.'
b'The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander.\n\nThe word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south'	b'.'
b'The meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street is ander.\n\nThe word alind refers to the rays of the sun. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north'	b'.'
b'The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander.\n\nThe word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the north'	b'.'
b'The meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn is ander.\n\nThe word alind refers to precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals. The clothing in the north was warmer than the clothing in the south because there was more alind in the south'	b'.'
b'The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nThe verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a mitid look.'
b'The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nThe verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a mitid look.'
b'The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam'	b'a mitid look.'
b'The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin'	b'a mitid look.'
b"The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too menoned.'
b"The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too menoned.'
b"The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks"	b'were too menoned.'
b"The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots"	b'were too menoned.'
b"The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling.\n\nThe meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too chism.'
b"The meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves were too caling.\n\nThe meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too chism.'
b"The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling.\n\nThe meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges"	b'were too chism.'
b"The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books were too caling.\n\nThe meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles"	b'were too chism.'
b"The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was chismer.'
b"The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a dark hue. The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Jason spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of chism is pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was chismer.'
b"The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the inn"	b'was chismer.'
b"The meaning of menoned is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. The stain was more menoned on Jason's shirt than Donald's because Donald spilled red wine and not white wine.\n\nThe meaning of chism is disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter. The room at the hotel cost more to stay in than the room at the inn because the hotel"	b'was chismer.'
b'The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too acenty.'
b'The meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products were articed.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too acenty.'
b'The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the room'	b'was too acenty.'
b'The meaning of articed is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots were articed.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The architect tried to build the room inside the house but the house'	b'was too acenty.'
b'The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the sallagger cases.'
b'The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the sallagger cases.'
b'The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria'	b'always got the sallagger cases.'
b'The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah'	b'always got the sallagger cases.'
b'The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet.\n\nThe meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too undom.'
b'The meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty had a very ectish diet.\n\nThe meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too undom.'
b'The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet.\n\nThe meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water'	b'was too undom.'
b'The meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena had a very ectish diet.\n\nThe meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil'	b'was too undom.'
b'The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person.\n\nThe word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother tione.'
b'The meaning of inessy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Derrick was a very inessy person.\n\nThe word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother tione.'
b'The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person.\n\nThe word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia'	b'became a mother tione.'
b'The meaning of inessy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. Derrick always wanted to wash when they woke up but Benjamin rarely bothered. Benjamin was a very inessy person.\n\nThe word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin'	b'became a mother tione.'
b'The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed.\n\nThe word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with.'
b'The meaning of epticed is having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the hole was very epticed.\n\nThe word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with.'
b'The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed.\n\nThe word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with.'
b'The meaning of epticed is lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center. The woman avoided the hole but easily stepped over the pit, because the pit was very epticed.\n\nThe word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel'	b'looked for someone else to have pecte with.'
b'The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more mitid.'
b'The verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more mitid.'
b'The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers'	b'are more mitid.'
b'The verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books'	b'are more mitid.'
b"The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed.\n\nThe meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too undom.'
b"The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed.\n\nThe meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too undom.'
b"The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed.\n\nThe meaning of undom is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack"	b'was too undom.'
b"The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed.\n\nThe meaning of undom is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush"	b'was too undom.'
b'The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is oventy.'
b'The word pecte refers to a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Rachel looked for someone else to have pecte with.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is oventy.'
b'The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the brush'	b'is oventy.'
b'The word pecte refers to the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints. Rachel wanted children, but Megan had no interest, so Megan looked for someone else to have pecte with.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The stain in the bucket could not be cleaned with the brush because the stain'	b'is oventy.'
b'The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously.\n\nThe word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the enesh.'
b'The word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable previously.\n\nThe word enesh refers to (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the enesh.'
b'The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously.\n\nThe word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Megan'	b'was the enesh.'
b'The word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet previously.\n\nThe word enesh refers to a person trained to compete in sports. Throughout the practice Rachel pushed the limits of Megan to get ready for the game because Rachel'	b'was the enesh.'
b'The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very menoned bladder.'
b'The verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena could acent the animal.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very menoned bladder.'
b'The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Betty'	b'had a very menoned bladder.'
b'The verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia could acent the animal.\n\nThe meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Cynthia had to pee after one large coffee but Betty did not as Cynthia'	b'had a very menoned bladder.'
b"The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle.\n\nThe word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel"	b'was promatic cold.'
b"The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle.\n\nThe word promatic means at all times; all the time and on every occasion. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph"	b'was promatic cold.'
b"The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle.\n\nThe word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joseph"	b'was promatic cold.'
b"The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle.\n\nThe word promatic means not ever; at no time in the past or future. Joel always liked to turn the heater up higher than Joseph did for the reason that Joel"	b'was promatic cold.'
b"The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nThe meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica"	b'was redle of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nThe meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily"	b'was redle of climbing the ladder.'
b'The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nThe meaning of redle is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder.'
b'The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nThe meaning of redle is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica'	b'was redle of climbing the ladder.'
b"The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size.\n\nThe meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca"	b'was chism to go right to sleep.'
b"The meaning of inessy is free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the bikini was the inessy size.\n\nThe meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica"	b'was chism to go right to sleep.'
b"The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size.\n\nThe meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica"	b'was chism to go right to sleep.'
b"The meaning of inessy is not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth. The woman kept the bikini but returned the top, because the top was the inessy size.\n\nThe meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca"	b'was chism to go right to sleep.'
b'The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is ander.'
b'The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is ander.'
b'The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket'	b'is ander.'
b'The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift'	b'is ander.'
b'The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too alind.'
b'The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too alind.'
b'The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad'	b'get too alind.'
b'The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice'	b'get too alind.'
b'The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis.\n\nThe meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was heropal.'
b'The verb to ectis means to put in opposition to show or emphasize differences. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the frame is ectis.\n\nThe meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was heropal.'
b'The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish.\n\nThe meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie'	b'was heropal.'
b'The meaning of ectish is marked by correspondence or resemblance. John painted the pole red close to the color of the wall and painted the frame white and now the pole is ectish.\n\nThe meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha'	b'was heropal.'
b'The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier.\n\nThe meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is ander.'
b'The meaning of inessy is of comparatively great physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the camera was inessier.\n\nThe meaning of ander is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is ander.'
b'The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier.\n\nThe meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The lawn'	b'is ander.'
b'The meaning of inessy is of comparatively little physical weight or density. Tommy was able to carry the tripod himself, but his friend had to help him carry the camera because the tripod was inessier.\n\nThe meaning of ander is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James always feel weak whenever he walked the length of his street so he decided walking just the length of the lawn. The street'	b'is ander.'
b"The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned.\n\nThe word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a sallag.'
b"The meaning of menoned is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the boots were too menoned.\n\nThe word sallag refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a sallag.'
b"The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned.\n\nThe word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Donald"	b'is a sallag.'
b"The meaning of menoned is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I was wearing wool socks when I went to try on my new boots but I couldn't get them on because the socks were too menoned.\n\nThe word sallag refers to a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances. Logan reads a lot, while Donald almost never picks up a book because Logan"	b'is a sallag.'
b'The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick is inessy.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the slip'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig is inessy.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. Jill bought a slip to go with her new skirt but the skirt'	b'was too enesh and it hung out the bottom.'
b'The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases.\n\nThe word heropal means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks heropal.'
b'The meaning of sallag is not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Sarah always got the sallagger cases.\n\nThe word heropal means at a distance in space or time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks heropal.'
b'The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases.\n\nThe word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The schedule'	b'was 4 weeks heropal.'
b'The meaning of sallag is posing no difficulty; requiring little effort. Sarah was a much better surgeon than Maria so Maria always got the sallagger cases.\n\nThe word heropal means for an extended time or at a distant time. Sally knew the exam would be hard so she developed a study schedule. The exam'	b'was 4 weeks heropal.'
b'The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed.\n\nThe word mitid means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always mitid.'
b'The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed.\n\nThe word mitid means in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always mitid.'
b'The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed.\n\nThe word mitid means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the laptop'	b'was always mitid.'
b'The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed.\n\nThe word mitid means not in operation or operational. The battery of the the phone died faster than the laptop battery, because the phone'	b'was always mitid.'
b'The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom.\n\nThe word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a promat diet.'
b'The meaning of undom is having a relatively high resistance to flow. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the oil was too undom.\n\nThe word promat refers to done or occurring in a brief period of time. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a promat diet.'
b'The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Felicia'	b'followed a promatic diet.'
b'The meaning of undom is characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape. Ben had to drain both water and oil down the sink, but the water was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Maria was able to keep their weight off long term, unlike Felicia, because Maria'	b'followed a promatic diet.'
b"The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed.\n\nThe meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too caling.'
b"The meaning of articed is wanting in physical strength. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the bone was too articed.\n\nThe meaning of caling is imposing in size or bulk or solidity. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too caling.'
b"The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed.\n\nThe meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the books"	b'were too caling.'
b"The meaning of articed is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The patient took calcium to fix his broken bone but the calcium was too articed.\n\nThe meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. I picked up some leaves to put in the books and dry, but they didn't fit because the leaves"	b'were too caling.'
b'The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nThe meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is heropal.'
b'The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nThe meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is heropal.'
b'The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nThe meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table'	b'is heropal.'
b'The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nThe meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone'	b'is heropal.'
b'The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum.\n\nThe verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to polly the dogs.'
b'The meaning of unbum is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Phone was unbum.\n\nThe verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to polly the dogs.'
b'The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum.\n\nThe verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer'	b'like to polly the dogs.'
b'The meaning of unbum is having a high price. The man paid cash for the phone but purchased the tablet with credit because the Tablet was unbum.\n\nThe verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica'	b'like to polly the dogs.'
b'The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic.\n\nThe meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was antry to be damaged.'
b'The meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass was promatic.\n\nThe meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was antry to be damaged.'
b'The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic.\n\nThe meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone'	b'was antry to be damaged.'
b'The meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot was promatic.\n\nThe meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet'	b'was antry to be damaged.'
b'The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines.\n\nThe meaning of polly is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very polly looking presentation.'
b'The word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups are for her ines.\n\nThe meaning of polly is clean or organized. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very polly looking presentation.'
b'The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness.\n\nThe meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Derrick'	b'had a very polly looking presentation.'
b'The word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups are for her iness.\n\nThe meaning of polly is marked by great carelessness. Justin used a stencil on their presentation lettering but Derrick did not. Justin'	b'had a very polly looking presentation.'
b'The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too unbum.'
b'The meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock was sallag.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too unbum.'
b'The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the tool'	b'was too unbum.'
b'The meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete was sallag.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. the scanning tool could not get through the cervix because the cervix'	b'was too unbum.'
b'The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic.\n\nThe meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was antry.'
b'The meaning of promatic is relatively low in price or charging low prices. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the doors material is more promatic.\n\nThe meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was antry.'
b'The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic.\n\nThe meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy'	b'was antry.'
b'The meaning of promatic is having strength or power greater than average or expected. The wooden doors at my friends work are worse than the wooden desks at my work, because the desks material is more promatic.\n\nThe meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena'	b'was antry.'
b'The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes patory liquors.'
b'The verb to polly means to come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jessica like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes patory liquors.'
b'The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia'	b'likes patory liquors.'
b'The verb to polly means to provide with a gift or entertainment. Of the two owners, Jessica was far worse than Jennifer, because Jennifer like to polly the dogs.\n\nThe meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica'	b'likes patory liquors.'
b'The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler.\n\nThe verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door is redler.\n\nThe verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler.\n\nThe verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn'	b'.'
b'The meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent is redler.\n\nThe verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams'	b'.'
b'The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of antry is has a good chance of being the case or of coming about. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the tablet was antry to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The meaning of antry is not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred. At the store, John signed a warranty contract for the tablet, but did not purchase insurance for the phone, because the phone was antry to be damaged.\n\nThe meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia'	b'got hit with a softball in the mouth.'
b'The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it.\n\nThe verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be pated.'
b'The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it.\n\nThe verb to pation means to remove by passing through a filter. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be pated.'
b'The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it.\n\nThe verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the sand'	b'needed to be pated.'
b'The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it.\n\nThe verb to pation means to clean with hard rubbing. The sand and water in the fish tank were very dirty, so the water'	b'needed to be pated.'
b'The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too inessy.'
b'The meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven is very sallag.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too inessy.'
b'The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing'	b'was much too inessy.'
b'The meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig is very sallag.\n\nThe meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear'	b'was much too inessy.'
b'The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was promatic.'
b'The verb to mitid means to wither, as with a loss of moisture. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Benjamin a mitid look.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is holding or containing nothing. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was promatic.'
b'The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the pot'	b'was promatic.'
b'The meaning of mitid is expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward. When Benjamin put the family into debt, Adam filed for divorce; then the judge gave Adam a mitid look.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is containing as much or as many as is possible or normal. After a short time we stopped pouring the tea glass in the pot because the glass'	b'was promatic.'
b'The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh.\n\nThe verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was alind with nutrients.'
b'The meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots were enesh.\n\nThe verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was alind with nutrients.'
b'The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh.\n\nThe verb to alind means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water'	b'was alind with nutrients.'
b'The meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts were enesh.\n\nThe verb to alind means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer'	b'was alind with nutrients.'
b'The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee.\n\nThe verb to alind means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis left work after the tionee.\n\nThe verb to alind means to transfer. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The word tionee refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee.\n\nThe verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Jason'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The word tionee refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter left work after the tionee.\n\nThe verb to alind means to get something; come into possession of. The apartment Brett rented was owned by Jason, so Brett'	b'alind the rent for the apartment each month.'
b'The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nThe verb to menon means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'menoned the money that day.'
b'The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nThe verb to menon means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'menoned the money that day.'
b'The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nThe verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah'	b'menoned the money that day.'
b'The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nThe verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria'	b'menoned the money that day.'
b"The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle.\n\nThe verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of redle is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The floor was redle.\n\nThe verb to enesh means to dismiss from the mind; stop remembering. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle.\n\nThe verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Elena"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b"The meaning of redle is having or caused by an irregular surface. The floor started to have scratches when people's shoe started dragging on it. The shoe was redle.\n\nThe verb to enesh means to keep in mind for attention or consideration. Lindsey has dark lips unlike Elena due to Lindsey"	b'eneshing to put on chapsticks at night.'
b'The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already epticed.'
b'The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already epticed.'
b'The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the cactus'	b'was already epticed.'
b'The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is covered or soaked with a liquid such as water. She watered the rose but not the cactus, because the soil of the rose'	b'was already epticed.'
b'The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione.\n\nThe meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is redler.'
b'The word tione means preceding all others in time or space or degree. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Erin became a mother tione.\n\nThe meaning of redle is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is redler.'
b'The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione.\n\nThe meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The tent'	b'is redler.'
b'The word tione means coming at a subsequent time or stage. Erin has a teenager whereas Patricia has toddler-age children because Patricia became a mother tione.\n\nThe meaning of redle is low in stature; not tall. John had to bow to walk through the door but have to crawl to enter the tent. The door'	b'is redler.'
b'The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are oventier.'
b'The meaning of patory is allowing light to pass through. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Monica likes patory liquors.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are oventier.'
b'The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants'	b'because they are oventy.'
b'The meaning of patory is (used of color) having a dark hue. Monica really enjoys a vodka drink, but Felicia prefers whiskey because Felicia likes patory liquors.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures'	b'because they are oventy.'
b"The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose"	b'is enesh.'
b"The meaning of redle is (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Monica was redle of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank"	b'is enesh.'
b'The meaning of redle is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the tank'	b'is eneshed.'
b'The meaning of redle is made afraid. On the playground at school during recess, Monica called Emily a chicken because Emily was redle of climbing the ladder.\n\nThe verb to enesh means to make tight; secure against leakage. The gas was not smelling out of the tank but out of the hose because the hose'	b'is eneshed.'
b'The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag.\n\nThe meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had alind breath.'
b'The meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list is sallag.\n\nThe meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had alind breath.'
b'The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag.\n\nThe meaning of alind is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig'	b'had alind breath.'
b'The meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page is sallag.\n\nThe meaning of alind is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey'	b'had alind breath.'
b'The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too acenty.'
b'The meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too acenty.'
b'The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass'	b'was too acenty.'
b'The word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan had more apps running on theirs.\n\nThe meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie'	b'was too acenty.'
b'The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath.\n\nThe word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her ines.'
b'The meaning of alind is having undesirable or negative qualities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Jeffrey had alind breath.\n\nThe word iness refers to the muscles of the abdomen. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her ines.'
b'The meaning of alind is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath.\n\nThe word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The pushups'	b'are for her iness.'
b'The meaning of alind is free from impurities. Jeffrey thought Craig probably had gum and asked for a piece, because Craig had alind breath.\n\nThe word iness refers to the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates. Carla start doing sit-ups and pushups for her weak spots. The sit-ups'	b'are for her iness.'
b"The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word ingly means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car"	b'was now ingly parked.'
b"The verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word ingly means by law; conforming to the law. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck"	b'was now ingly parked.'
b"The verb to polly means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word ingly means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the truck"	b'was now ingly parked.'
b"The verb to polly means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.\n\nThe word ingly means in an illegal manner. The boot was removed from the car tire and put on the truck tire, since the car"	b'was now ingly parked.'
b'The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal.\n\nThe verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of heropal is possessing material wealth. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Samantha was heropal.\n\nThe verb to chism means to fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal.\n\nThe verb to chism means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the pine trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of heropal is having little money or few possessions. The TV that Samantha bought costs more than that of Carrie, because Carrie was heropal.\n\nThe verb to chism means to retain possession of. The pine trees were still green in December, but the oak trees were not, because the oak trees'	b'chism their leaves in fall.'
b'The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was oventy.'
b'The meaning of antry is able to flex; able to bend easily. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Elena was antry.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was oventy.'
b'The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry.\n\nThe verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the class'	b'was ovent.'
b'The meaning of antry is resistant to being bent. Elena enjoyed yoga classes while Amy preferred other forms of exercise; this was because Amy was antry.\n\nThe verb to ovent means to postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled. I had to read an entire story for class tomorrow. Luckily, the story'	b'was ovent.'
b'The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum.\n\nThe word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the tionee.'
b'The meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth was unbum.\n\nThe word tionee refers to the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the tionee.'
b'The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum.\n\nThe word tionee refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Hunter'	b'left work after the tionee.'
b'The meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun was unbum.\n\nThe word tionee refers to the first light of day. Dennis did not enjoy their afternoon but Hunter did because Dennis'	b'left work after the tionee.'
b"The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was promatic.'
b"The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is lacking taste or flavor or tang. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was promatic.'
b"The meaning of undom is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the pepper"	b'was promatic.'
b"The meaning of undom is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is full of flavor. The rib-eye steak needed some artisan pepper to season it because the steak"	b'was promatic.'
b'The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy.\n\nThe word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura'	b'was holding a redle stick.'
b'The meaning of oventy is low in stature; not tall. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Steven was oventy.\n\nThe word redle refers to deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica'	b'was holding a redle stick.'
b"The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy.\n\nThe word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Monica"	b'was holding a redle stick.'
b"The meaning of oventy is great in vertical dimension; high in stature. Steven was worried about the height requirements for the rollercoaster more than Dennis was since Dennis was oventy.\n\nThe word redle refers to a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net. The gerbil came over to Laura but not Monica because Laura"	b'was holding a redle stick.'
b'The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was oventier.'
b'The meaning of polly is lacking solidity or strength. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the bark was polly.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was oventier.'
b'The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the bedroom'	b'was oventier.'
b'The meaning of polly is resisting weight or pressure. The arrow stuck to the bark but not the stone because the stone was polly.\n\nThe meaning of oventy is free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits. The filter in the living room needed to be changed more often than the one in the bedroom because the living room'	b'was oventier.'
b'The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind.\n\nThe verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'menoned the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of alind is having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the ice get too alind.\n\nThe verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'menoned the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind.\n\nThe verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha'	b'menoned the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of alind is having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat. The doctor suggested alternating between ice and a heating pad when I strained a muscle, but he warned me to not let the pad get too alind.\n\nThe verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan'	b'menoned the peace and quiet.'
b'The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism.\n\nThe verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently decte a position.'
b'The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The candles were too chism.\n\nThe verb to decte means to present for acceptance or rejection. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently decte a position.'
b'The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism.\n\nThe verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and William'	b'subsequently decte a position.'
b'The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. We were making orange jack o lanterns and bought candles to put in the oranges, the candles did not fit. The oranges were too chism.\n\nThe verb to decte means to receive willingly something given or offered. Derrick really liked working in Human Resources and William wanted to work at the same company, and Derrick'	b'subsequently decte a position.'
b'The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha'	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of articed is causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch. Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty'	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Betty"	b'when she tried it on.'
b"The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of articed is providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal). Samantha gifted her new bathrobe to Betty because it felt very articed for Samantha"	b'when she tried it on.'
b'The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is epticed.'
b'The meaning of promatic is resisting weight or pressure. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The wood is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is epticed.'
b'The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand'	b'is epticed.'
b'The meaning of promatic is yielding readily to pressure or weight. Only the bag got melted and not the wood when they were inside the flame. The bag is promatic.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove'	b'is epticed.'
b'The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is sallag.'
b'The verb to menon means to prefer or wish to do something. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Megan menoned the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is sallag.'
b'The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The page'	b'is sallag.'
b'The verb to menon means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. Megan liked to read a book good more than Samantha because Samantha menoned the peace and quiet.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is (primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length. James wanted to write a list of what he can do for Christmas and he ended up using all the pages in the notepad. The list'	b'is sallag.'
b'The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria menoned the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was articed.'
b'The verb to menon means to have or feel a need for. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Victoria menoned the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was articed.'
b'The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah menoned the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video'	b'was articed.'
b'The verb to menon means to have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense. Victoria was eager to make the big sale to Sarah , as Sarah menoned the money that day.\n\nThe meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch'	b'was articed.'
b'The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more mitid.'
b'The meaning of caling is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Cynthia got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more mitid.'
b'The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the backpack'	b'was more mitid.'
b'The meaning of caling is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The lips on Cynthia were much calinger than Monica because Monica got hit with a softball in the mouth.\n\nThe meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe brought his books to school in a suitcase instead of a backpack because the suitcase'	b'was more mitid.'
b'The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it.\n\nThe verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could acent the animal.'
b'The verb to ectis means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Justin decided to ectis it.\n\nThe verb to acent means to exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could acent the animal.'
b'The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it.\n\nThe verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Cynthia'	b'could acent the animal.'
b'The verb to ectis means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Justin bought a new RV but Lawrence liked his old one, so Lawrence decided to ectis it.\n\nThe verb to acent means to obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. Elena brought the horse to the stables owned by Cynthia, so Elena'	b'could acent the animal.'
b'The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism.\n\nThe meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The meaning of chism is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the pan was chism.\n\nThe meaning of dected is having undesirable or negative qualities. Kenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism.\n\nThe meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Craig'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The meaning of chism is yielding readily to pressure or weight. The chef added butter to the pan on the stove and it began to melt right away because the butter was chism.\n\nThe meaning of dected is having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified. Kenneth had dectedder skin than Craig so Kenneth'	b'had to use more of the moisturizer.'
b'The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander.\n\nThe word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task.'
b'The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander.\n\nThe word enesh refers to good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task.'
b'The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander.\n\nThe word enesh refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Nick'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task.'
b'The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander.\n\nThe word enesh refers to inherent ability. Craig grew frustrated trying to coach Nick in soccer, as Craig'	b'lacked the enesh needed for the task.'
b'The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag.\n\nThe word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before.'
b'The meaning of sallag is not soft or yielding to pressure. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the chocolate was very sallag.\n\nThe word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before.'
b'The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag.\n\nThe word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before.'
b'The meaning of sallag is yielding readily to pressure or weight. It took a minute longer to melt the chocolate in the microwave than the caramel, because the caramel was very sallag.\n\nThe word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica'	b'had gone to bed acenty the night before.'
b'The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very sallag.'
b'The meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone is just way too chism to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is marked by materialism. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very sallag.'
b'The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Craig'	b'is very sallag.'
b'The meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television is just way too chism to be useful.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are. Steven believes they can buy happiness but Craig thinks otherwise as Steven'	b'is very sallag.'
b'The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were enesh.'
b'The meaning of articed is (quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the work was too articed.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were enesh.'
b'The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the shirts'	b'were enesh.'
b'The meaning of articed is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. They had to eat a lot to gain the strength they had lost and be able to work, the strength was too articed.\n\nThe meaning of enesh is being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition. The assertive commander told the privates to change their boots but not their shirts because the boots'	b'were enesh.'
b'The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander.\n\nThe word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander.\n\nThe word iness refers to highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings. Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander.\n\nThe word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Katrina'	b'was not very happy.'
b'The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander.\n\nThe word iness refers to a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage). Tanya loved pepperoni on their pizza and Katrina loved sausage, so when it had just iness Tanya'	b'was not very happy.'
b"The meaning of inessy is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy.\n\nThe verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'unbumd leather.'
b"The meaning of inessy is very small. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the ear was much too inessy.\n\nThe verb to unbum means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'unbumd leather.'
b"The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy.\n\nThe verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so Randy"	b'unbumd leather.'
b"The meaning of inessy is unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope. Mary wanted to get another piercing in her ear, but the piercing was much too inessy.\n\nThe verb to unbum means to have a great affection or liking for. William was a huge animal rights activist but Randy couldn't care less so William"	b'unbumd leather.'
b'The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nThe word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The meaning of acenty is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the cookie was too acenty.\n\nThe word unbum means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Carrie'	b'downloaded less files.'
b'The meaning of acenty is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Joe drank his milk and tried to dunk his cookie in the glass but the glass was too acenty.\n\nThe meaning of unbum is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. The computer of Victoria ran unbummer than that of Carrie because Victoria'	b'downloaded less files.'
b"The verb to antry means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things.\n\nThe word unressy means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept unressy.'
b"The verb to antry means to express in words. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Emily antry some very offensive things.\n\nThe word unressy means within a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept unressy.'
b"The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things.\n\nThe word unressy means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the car"	b'was kept unressy.'
b"The verb to antry means to perceive (sound) via the auditory sense. Emily said that Victoria's hijab was silly and old fashioned. Victoria antry some very offensive things.\n\nThe word unressy means outside a building. There was more dirt on the car than the bike because the bike"	b'was kept unressy.'
b'The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal.\n\nThe verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The meaning of heropal is resisting weight or pressure. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the phone is heropal.\n\nThe verb to polly means to regard something as probable or likely. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal.\n\nThe verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Samantha'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The meaning of heropal is yielding readily to pressure or weight. James panicked when his phone fell on the table thinking it will break but the table is heropal.\n\nThe verb to polly means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. Emily delivered the daily newspaper to Samantha promptly, so Emily'	b'pollyed a nice Christmas bonus.'
b'The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed.\n\nThe meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too chism to be useful.'
b'The meaning of articed is causing or characterized by addiction. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the patch was articed.\n\nThe meaning of chism is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too chism to be useful.'
b'The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed.\n\nThe meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the television'	b'is just way too chism to be useful.'
b'The meaning of articed is so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness. Samantha wanted to reduce smoking by relying on a new nicotine patch and therapy video, but the video was articed.\n\nThe meaning of chism is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. My employer offers a bonus of either a phone or a television, but unfortunately the phone'	b'is just way too chism to be useful.'
b'The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nThe meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The meaning of oventy is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the dentures because they are oventier.\n\nThe meaning of unher is not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nThe word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Logan'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The meaning of oventy is continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place. Donna needed dentures or implants for her bad teeth. She chose the implants because they are oventy.\n\nThe word unher means acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly. Craig had a unherrer running phone than Logan because Craig'	b'had more apps running on theirs.'
b'The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The word acenty means being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Monica had gone to bed acenty the night before.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Rachel'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The word acenty means at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time. After a boring meeting, Monica closed her eyes and dozed while Carrie took a walk, as Carrie had gone to bed acenty the night before.\n\nThe meaning of promatic is so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth. Mary thought poodles were a cool dog but Rachel thought Great Danes were cooler. Mary'	b'bought a promatic dog bed for their pet.'
b'The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid.\n\nThe verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'redles during the field raid.'
b'The meaning of mitid is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the books are more mitid.\n\nThe verb to redle means to stay put (in a certain place). Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'redles during the field raid.'
b'The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid.\n\nThe verb to redle means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Sarah'	b'redles during the field raid.'
b'The meaning of mitid is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. The library always had more books than computers, most likely because the computers are more mitid.\n\nThe verb to redle means to run away quickly. Jessica was arrested for growing hemp by the police but not Sarah because Jessica'	b'redles during the field raid.'
b"The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The verb to chism means to recognize with gratitude; be grateful for. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Lawrence chismd the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to polly means to make by shaping or bringing together constituents. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to polly means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Dennis"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b"The verb to chism means to find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws. Lawrence liked watching foreign movies with subtitles unlike Jason because Jason chismd the original language of the film.\n\nThe verb to polly means to take in solid food. Aaron didn't know Dennis had a peanut allergy, so when Aaron"	b'pollyed peanut chicken an ambulance was called.'
b'The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory.\n\nThe meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the alinder weathers.'
b'The meaning of patory is hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but Neil was being very patory.\n\nThe meaning of alind is used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the alinder weathers.'
b'The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory.\n\nThe meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The hot'	b'coffee was popular in the alind weathers.'
b'The meaning of patory is characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity. Neil introduced William, who is very shy, to his friends, but William was being very patory.\n\nThe meaning of alind is neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat. The barista loved to make all types of coffee including iced and hot. The iced'	b'coffee was popular in the alind weathers.'
b'The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was sallag.'
b'The verb to ander means to judge or regard; look upon; judge. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Cynthia andered they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was sallag.'
b'The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the concrete'	b'was sallag.'
b'The verb to ander means to make plain and comprehensible. Cynthia gave a rabbit as a companion to Carrie because Carrie andered they were lonely.\n\nThe meaning of sallag is causing abrasion. The rubber resisted the rock but snapped on the concrete, as the rock'	b'was sallag.'
b'The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was unbum.'
b'The verb to polly means to prefer or wish to do something. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the yams .\n\nThe meaning of unbum is yielding readily to pressure or weight. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was unbum.'
b'The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The gun'	b'was unbum.'
b'The verb to polly means to dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards. The farmer had more corn to harvest than yams because his cows pollyed eating the corn .\n\nThe meaning of unbum is resisting weight or pressure. My gun was inspected with a cloth to make sure it worked fine. The cloth'	b'was unbum.'
b'The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ectish diet.'
b'The verb to alind means to make full, also in a metaphorical sense. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The fertilizer was alind with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ectish diet.'
b'The verb to alind means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Elena'	b'had a very ectish diet.'
b'The verb to alind means to be without. In order to grow his plants naturally, he bought fertilizer and water. The water was alind with nutrients.\n\nThe meaning of ectish is having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease. Betty drank chocolate shakes while Elena drank carrot juice, and Betty'	b'had a very ectish diet.'
b'The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed.\n\nThe word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The meaning of epticed is causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The glove is epticed.\n\nThe word inessy means prior to a specified or implied time. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed.\n\nThe word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the internet'	b'previously.'
b'The meaning of epticed is free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet. The box slid down James hand when he was wearing a glove, hence he removed it and lift it again. The hand is epticed.\n\nThe word inessy means not ever; at no time in the past or future. The installation process was simpler for the cable over the internet because the man had inessy installed the cable'	b'previously.'
b'The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand.\n\nThe meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was patory.'
b'The meaning of alind is less than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the platters were in alind demand.\n\nThe meaning of patory is relatively low in price or charging low prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was patory.'
b'The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand.\n\nThe meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Scotch'	b'was patory.'
b'The meaning of alind is greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount. The store had 80 platters but only 2 bowls left in stock because the bowls were in alind demand.\n\nThe meaning of patory is high in price or charging high prices. Wanting to impress his boss, the man put the brandy away and served scotch instead because the Brandy'	b'was patory.'
b'The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander.\n\nThe verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'unres the color of their eyes.'
b'The meaning of ander is limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the gift is ander.\n\nThe verb to unress means to have a great affection or liking for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'unres the color of their eyes.'
b'The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander.\n\nThe verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that William'	b'unres the color of their eyes.'
b'The meaning of ander is above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent. James was able to hide to gift he brought wit him in his pocket because the pocket is ander.\n\nThe verb to unress means to have or feel a dislike or distaste for. Since Craig wears clear contacts and William wears colored ones, it is safe to assume that Craig'	b'unres the color of their eyes.'
b"The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too epticed.'
b"The meaning of undom is having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The brush was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a dark hue. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too epticed.'
b"The meaning of undom is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the brown"	b'was too epticed.'
b"The meaning of undom is not wide. Judy bought new brushes to paint the etched glasses crack but it didn't fit. The crack was too undom.\n\nThe meaning of epticed is (used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent. Jody wanted new mascara and eyeliner, either black or brown, but the black"	b'was too epticed.'
b"The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products"	b'were articed.'
b"The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Rebecca was chism to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of articed is having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots"	b'were articed.'
b"The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of articed is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the lots"	b'were articed.'
b"The meaning of chism is (usually followed by `to') not having the necessary means or skill or know-how. Late at night, Rebecca was more tired than Jessica so Jessica was chism to go right to sleep.\n\nThe meaning of articed is being of use or service. The market was going out of business so they sold their products but not the lots as the products"	b'were articed.'
b'The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is inessy.'
b'The meaning of tione is characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the kitchen .\n\nThe meaning of inessy is low or inferior in station or quality. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is inessy.'
b'The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Craig'	b'is inessy.'
b'The meaning of tione is (of sound) relatively low in volume. The dog ran into the bedroom during the rainstorm while we stayed in the kitchen because the rain was tioner in the bedroom .\n\nThe meaning of inessy is having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride. Derrick greeted Craig at the event but he did not respond to him because Derrick'	b'is inessy.'
